Type: audio
Source: case notes
Title: Hypnotic regression session with C, 1st April 1957

K: This is my third hypnotic regression with subject C, regarding his 1952 experience.

K: Are you comfortable?
C: Yes.
K: OK. Keep your eye on this pen. You are becoming more and more relaxed, and it will become harder to focus on it. You will find your eyes closing.
K: Your body is relaxed and absent of tension. If I lift your arm, it's going to simply drop, OK?
C: My arm will drop.
K: OK. *lifts subject's arm and drops it*
K: Now, I want you to go back in your mind to the first of June, 1952. Do you remember what you're doing?
C: Yes.
K: What's happening?
C: I'm packing.
K: Why are you packing?
C: I'm going on vacation, to the lake.
K: Where is the lake?
C: We rent this summer place by a lake in Colorado. We ski there. Only I didn't end up going to the lake.
K: Why not?
C: I twisted my ankle.
K: When was that?
C: Just now.
K: Just as you're packing?
C: I'm finished packing and I'm bringing the large trunk down the stairs and... Ow
K: It's OK. This is a memory, so it can't really hurt you. You can observe what you thought and felt then as though it's behind glass.
C: It's a good thing it happened when it did.
K: Why was it a good thing?
C: Well, I had already decided to take time off and notify my patients.
K: W-
C: If I suddenly had to take time off unexpectely, it would be difficult to reschedule.
K: OK.
K: I want you to go forward now, to the evening of June 6th.
C: Yes.
K: What's happening?
C: I'm downstairs, on the couch. I've been sleeping on the couch so I don't need to climb the stairs.
K: Are you sleeping now?
C: No, I'm eating dinner. From a tray.
K: What are you eating?
C: Oh, it's some kind of pasta cassarole. It's a little too salty.
K: How do you feel?
C: My ankle still hurts, but if I don't put any weight on it then it's tolerable. That's why I'm downstairs and not in my bedroom.
K: Do you walk on it?
C: Not really. If I need to use the bathroom I'll hobble over with a cane, but otherwise I have been on this couch all week. I can't get up those narrow stairs.
K: OK, let's go forward about an hour. What are you doing now?
C: I'm falling asleep. The TV's on, but I don't want to get up to shut it off. I feel like the station's going off the air anyway.
K: What time is it?
C: Not very late, not late enough for the station to go off the air. I just feel like it will.
K: Have you felt this way before?
C: I don't know.
K: OK, so you're falling asleep, right? Let's go forward to when you're asleep. Are you asleep now?
C: Yes. Shallow sleep, because my body hurts.
K: Your ankle?
C: My ankle hurts.
K: Let's continue to go forward to when you wake up.
C: There's a light through my bedroom window. It comes in right through my eye lids, even though I try to keep them shut.
K: Where are you?
C: I'm in my bed. I got up and looked around. It was like daylight in the yard.
K: What are you doing now?
C: I'm going downstairs to investigate. There might be a prowler outside with a search light.
K: How did you get to your bedroom?
C: I'm just in my bedroom.
K: Yes, but you fell asleep on the couch. How did you wake up in your bedroom?
C: I don't know.
K: Let's go back to when you fell asleep.
C: I don't know. I don't know.
K: Cha-
C: I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know please I don't know I don't oh god I
K: It's OK. These are only memories. Nothing can hurt you. What are you seeing?
C: I don't... oh. I'm out of it, aren't I?
K: Yeah, you are.

* Subject 1952-C
* hypnotic regression
* Phoenix, AZ
* missing time
