. or. . If Manny gets clear, I might add a little something that is my money. Them tire tracks looks kind of obvious, but that's only because we know where they started. " 

Luders said quietly: "This work is very difficult. And this Waldo was looking for you before that. ” 

She laughed again. “And you killed young Jeeter—in the girl’s apartment at the El Milano. But I didn’t suspect for a minute that there was anything wrong with her. 

“Not to mention three slaps in the face,” she said. 

Waltz’s gun flamed at the same instant, the two explosions blended. I noticed the sharp tang of cordite on the air, almost, but not quite gone. The rain hit the flat roof hard. Carmady didn’t see it. 

Legs in dark cloth showed past the doors, slack on the floor, the knees sagged. ” 

“I ain’t a damn bit of use at it,” he said. If he had ever seen me before, nothing in his face showed it. But I figure he knows you boys too well for that. " 

The blonde made one strangled sound and then turned her face and stared at the wall. " 

The room was very still for a moment. "You heard what I said in here?" 

"I think so. 

The detective passed a large pale hand across his forehead and leaned forward. 

Willy Boy showed a king. Steve went past him. 

He went in, sat at the counter and ordered coffee. , an imprint of the Penguin Group 

Published simultaneously in Canada 

Printed in the United States of America 

FIRST GROVE PRESS EDITION 

Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data 

Chandler, Raymond, 1888-1959. I never knew him. It was neatly typewritten, dated that day. The wire came loose and the machine stopped. A car had stopped outside. Around his bare and magnificent throat, above the dirty collar, he wore a wide piece of black ribbon, like an old woman trying to freshen up her neck. The marimba player dropped his sticks and reached under his chair for a glass. Her body was half turned and she lay almost on her back across his thighs, her eyelids flickering. She wore a golden topaz bracelet and topaz earrings and a topaz dinner ring in the shape of a shield. ” 

The pulse jumped wildly in her throat. “And where I am getting is no place at all. Because your job is hanging by a thread. That's why. " He leaned back in his chair. " 

I watched traffic, what there was of it that far out, and didn't speak for a few minutes. He had brass knuckles on it. His shadow crawled up the end wall, started across the ceiling, paused and dropped back again. His lips were getting puffed and darkish. 

“Come where?” I said. "I won't worry about him, you won't worry about him, the Sheriff, who's up for reelection this fall, won't worry about him. 

"'Ell of a lot of it, sir. Know him, huh?” 

“We have a drink together once in a while. “Why should I see him?” 

There was sudden tinkling, icy-cold laugh on the wire. I even bought a pretty good used couch, an easy chair, and a floor lamp. I reached up and felt the throat muscles. I saw a wave of blond hair straighten out in the water and lie still for an instant. Why did you call yourself Eleanor King? No, don’t answer that. Why will a mother rabbit trapped in a burrow by a ferret put her babies behind her and allow her throat to be torn out? Why? In two weeks more she would not even recognize them. Marlowe,” he said coldly, “I am no fool. “A report so soon?” 

“Yeah,” I said, and sat on the flowered davenport. ” 

“How do I know you’re on the level?” 

“Forget it. 

Two of the old men sat on boxes about twenty feet apart, ignoring each other. His right hand lifted the Colt. His lips were getting puffed and darkish. 

"You wanta go over now? I'll get the keys. He can get me laughed at. We went out and down the salt-tarnished spiral stairway to the street level and the garage. We're an organization. We close at five-thirty. You have a lousy chance to prove you weren't in on it. How you went was none of my business either. For no other reason. You're lit like a ferry boat. " 

"Listen," I said, and looked at the floor. I smiled a little and watched him. Then I went in. She touched my cheek with her fingers as she went by. 

“Let’s all take a deep breath,” I said. The pearls the flier had given her. 

A man got out and walked back. There wasn’t really anything to think about. The drawers of the desk contained some dusty paper linings, a few wire clips, rubber bands, worn down pencils, pens, rusty pen points, used blotters, four uncancelled two-cent stamps, and some printed letterheads, envelopes and bill forms. A big guy with a gun held up Mrs. 

It was a tough shot at the range. I went off balance just long enough for him to lunge sideways and lift the gun out of the girl’s hand. I had seen it before—before I went upstairs, in the same place, in front of Lola’s car. Wasn’t it Thursday?” 

“I wasn’t there. Marriott said four or five days before in telling me about it. I’ll be there. Unless you’d rather come here. ” 

“This used to be a good town,” I said. “I’m locking the door,” he said, taking keys out. ” 

“I’m Nixon,” he said. ” He scribbled an address on a studio pad and held it out. The stenotype operator took it down. 

"Yes. 

They went through a door into a big room that was mostly six-foot tiers of filing cases with an occasional alcove in which there was a small table and a chair. I don’t know who murdered him. 

I breathed in some cool air and said: "The general wants me to see Mrs. He had ample motive from the rather limited police point of view. His voice got a little hoarse. He lay with his face on the desk, motionless. He rode it down to the linen-room floor and got out to remove the basket that held the service elevator open at that floor. The photo looked a good deal like Muriel Chess. He put his hands on his knees and clutched his kneecaps. At the foot of the steps up to the terrace he paused to stick a monocle in his eye. There was an alcove with small tables and padded seats. They had moved the car enough to lift something out. 

A hard-boiled redhead sang a hard-boiled song in a voice that could have been used to split firewood. 

"Park yourselves, folks. 

In the back of the limousine Hugo Candless didn't move. Either that or turn up a client and let the cops go to work on her and her whole family. 

“Well, don’t take all night about it,” I bleated. “These are good stuff, the kind women very often have made on purpose, as a kind of insurance. She lifted her head slowly. It was my great and now useless regret that I never wrote anything really worth her attention, no book that I could dedicate to her. There were flowers in front, a trimmed green lawn, a rock garden. 

The back door opened on a porch with high, narrow screens. Across the canal, a uniformed cop entered the backyard with a drawn gun and a flashlight. I saw nobody that looked like my idea of Crystal Kingsley. " 

He wasn't amused. "The man's name is Ikky Rosenstein. Hell, he can't get away. " He punched Carmady with the muzzle of the gun. 

"Not right now. He jerked his head around, snapped: “Come here, sister. ” 

The man’s voice said complainingly: “Well, you didn’t have to insult him, did you?” 

One of the soldiers suddenly laughed deep in his chest and then wiped the laugh off his face with a brown hand and drank a little more beer. ” She bit her lip and turned her head a little and looked at me along her eyes. Try and get it. Now how may I serve you?” 

I sat down, got a cigarette into my mouth and rolled it along my lips without lighting it. ” And with that I headed back across the street, leaving them standing under the jacaranda. “He’s an old friend of the D. In yellow pajamas—in my bed. The plump little auctioneer looked more and more as if he were eating a bad egg. 

A thin, dapper clerk with a waxed blond mustache and a blond pompadour leaned on the desk and looked at the clock and yawned, tapping his teeth with the backs of his bright fingernails. Try again. Or somebody's in the morgue. The bright sunlight let me see her eyes now, despite the little veil. 

“Shadows? . The nude picture of Muriel Blackstone was on the bar. Lights were on in the ceiling. I walked across the stumble stones and rang the bell. Her voice lacked the edgy twang of a beer-parlor frill. 

“Bored?” I said. You gave the man exactly what he wanted. ” 

“You talk damn foolish,” the girl spat him. I had already given Geiger’s keys to Ohls. I paused inside to put on my sunglasses. I don't think the quality in the detective or the mystery story which appeals to people has very much to do with the story a particular book has to tell. Your pulse and breathing seemed all right but maybe they wouldn’t be later on. Eddie Mars wanted to know that. 

The coffee was too hot for more than a shallow sip, and after one I put it on the corner of my desk where I could reach it when it cooled. 

Dalmas’ right fist crashed against Ricchio’s jaw. 

"He got you out," she said. 



Pocket Books, a division of Simon & Schuster, Inc. “Sorry. No receipt,” I said. ” 

“I see. “That leads to a door behind the tables. ” 

He drew a long slow breath and let it out silently. “You seem to pick up awful easy. That looks bad for you, if anything happens to him. . . He has a big fast car. He didn’t have to tell us why. He turned the gang in later and got a nolle prosse. " 

He poured a real drink this time. You could have lost a marble in it. The mark of a wedding ring but no wedding ring was the second. Either you didn’t see that, or you got scared. Then Marr gets the pictures and it's a cinch he don't get them unless they say so and he don't know they had them. The smile fell off his face like a soiled rag. These cut through wood. They’re cased the way a dentist cases your tooth for a gold inlay. He sold the real ones, I guess, and made you up a string of ringers, with your clasp. He had dark skin and a handsome head of iron-gray hair brushed back from his forehead. 

"I'd like a line to Stella pretty well, Joey. 

“Okey,” he said. "No, I'm trying to find your husband, and I'm trying to find out who killed Lola Faithful and Lippy," I said. . about a girl who wrote some letters once. He has no one to turn to for help, so he goes to Marlowe. " 

The boy turned red. 

"Gimme my gat," Frisky yelped. 

“All I could find out,” I told her, “is that the dump on Idaho Street is peddling reefers. You didn’t mean to kill her—did you?” 

His eyes were restless. You think maybe people oughta have to get special licenses or take classes. 

“Phone him,” Henry said, pointing to the instrument which stood on the shabby office desk. . ] 

Letter to Maurice Guinness, 

cousin of Helga Greene, 10 February 1958. 

I plan my next Marlowe with a background of Palm Springs, Poodle Springs I call it, because every third elegant creature you see has at least one poodle. Gawd, but you’re handsome. It’s too bad you’re soft. If the girl has to tell her story, the pictures won’t matter. But there was too much brutality. They don’t go for that in the organizations. 

I was ready to walk on so my presence wouldn’t add to their humiliation when the bullet-headed sucker lifted his hand as though meaning to strike the woman. They're afraid of holdups on the way in. They proved it--even if they did make a mistake. And the guy that sits back there in the nice big corner office, with the nice suit and the nice liquor breath he thinks chewing on them seeds makes smell like violets, only it don’t—he ain’t giving the orders either. ” 

Ohls nodded, went over and got his hat. Two prints in it and a negative. We were going past that and the fresh-faced kid was telling me the truck couldn’t be far away when I looked through the arched entrance of the garage and saw it back in the dimness with its rear doors open again. We own the place except for one lousy newspaper editor who keeps climbing our backs and the backs of our friends. People checked out by the dozen. As for husbands—yeah, we do have a husband once in a while. I was out of the Chrysler and on my way before the last echo of it died. 

"Yeah. 

"Runs the Penguin Club. 

"May I bring you something, sir?" 

I smiled gratefully. Denny sat down in another wicker chair. He had a handkerchief out and was tying it around his bloody hand. They were snow-white pigskin. 

At last he said softly: "A gag, eh? First off I checked your call and found out it came from Glendale--not from Azusa. ” 

Sype kicked it. Her mouth wasn’t large, but I could have got my fist into it at that moment. 

Steve stood up and watched the green morocco slippers peep out under the pajamas as she walked. He said nothing, didn't look towards Drew at all. He has an artistic temperament. 

I said: “Geiger?” 

Nothing in the man’s face changed that I could see. I turned my head, which ached, and saw that Henry Eichelberger was lying beside me in his undershirt and trousers. 

There was no fear in the scream. 

"Yeah, that's right," Victor said. It was half open before I noticed it. 

Pete Anglich grinned sharply in his doorway. “Don’t feed me the ham. 

I turned the lights out and left. I liked everything about him. They looked so exactly like a bunch of topflight Chicago gangsters moving in to read the death sentence on a beaten competitor. ” 

He held the fish against the wood and trimmed off the ragged part of the fin. 

I puffed a cigarette and the sizzling noise and the baritone rendering of “Chloe” went on in the kitchen. “They are nasty things. ” 

His long chin moved an inch. 

She turned her head slowly and looked at me. "All right, you! Let's go!" 

Steve stood quite still, his feet planted, staring at the girl. Maybe I'll just drop over and tell you about it. ” 

“Sure it wasn’t a sarong?” 

“Huh? Oh yeah, funny. “A wise monkey. ” 

I went to the phone and lifted it. 

I said, “He was working with Mrs. “If you can’t, now’s the time to speak. ” 

Kingsley stared at him and moistened his lips. “I don’t think so either. ” He opened the car door and stepped out on to the curbing. “Oh. “I still have Mr. Might be nothing at all. Might be anything that didn't take too much work or too much honesty. ” 

The lines of her face got thin and contemptuous. Her steps faded rapidly downhill. 

“So it’s all right about Miss Riordan. A crunching blow seemed to split my head wide open. Somebody far out on the lake fooled with a ukulele. ” 

“Marston is a pretty common name,” Spencer said, and sipped his whiskey. “It wasn’t supposed to be like that. 

“Why?” 

“I just feel that way. He had an automatic that looked too heavy for him to hold up, but he seemed to like holding it. She worked there at Florian’s or whatever place was there when it was still a white joint. It took all of the davenport. I didn't think the boys would move that night. I could feel little drops of sweat form on my forehead and then slide slowly and carefully down the side of my nose to the corner of my mouth. But little by little you will build up a body of hostility in this department that will make it damn hard for you to do any work. ” 

She hung up. 

“Could a guy with reasonable dough have himself a time there?” 

“What kind of a time?” 

I laughed, sneeringly, very tough. 

“Eight,” he said, and leaned against the cage with his hands in his pockets. 

“Careful, Doc—while I’m up above. Vannier do?” 

“He didn’t do anything at all. Morny was not in, but it didn’t take. Morny will have to deny it, because otherwise it would tie him to a couple of murders. Did I do wrong?” 

Vannier said: “You could have minded your own business. Miss Fromsett talked to her. 

I looked around. In times like these only a crook may safely express opinions of this sort. It wasn't amusing now, for obvious reasons. I dine off gold plate and prefer to be waited on by naked dancing girls. 

“Book him in the county jail,” Gregorius said slowly. It took about five minutes. Then a door banged open and Earl came out. I hadn't moved. " 

Gaff Talley barked: "Stand away from him. If my wife--" He broke off and swore. There’s no risk. Grayle. But we seem to have hit the wrong mood. Verringer. You told her I was coming for you. That means you're in a jam. " 

"Not afraid of things are you, Miss Pride? Or would it be Mrs. He reached a brown bottle from under the counter, and poured a big drink into a water glass, set the glass down beside Pete Anglich. I see him. They were motionless now. " 

"They would have, if you'd kept your nose where it belonged. "Quite a gag," De Spain said, very casually. Lost it, didn't you?" 

Across the street somebody had delirium tremens in the front yard and a mixed quartet tore what was left of the night into small strips and did what they could to make the strips miserable. While this was going on the exotic brunette didn’t move more than one eyelash. 

I had yet to get the used plate out of Steiner’s camera. ” 

“I don’t expect miracles,” I said. 

I grinned. Should I try one more swing?" 

"What for? He didn't go for his gat, and he's too tough for you, baby. ” 

Her voice became an icy drawl. Now that trust deed didn’t interest me at all at first, but here’s how it works. " 

She got up quickly, very quickly for her, and stood a moment almost swaying. "Waldo?" 

"Oh, you don't know Waldo," I said. 

She shook her head slowly. 

She was blank to that. 

“Nothing. She went up the stairs slowly, moving with calm elegance. But she’ll have a reason. All us tough guys are hopeless sentimentalists at heart. " 

Miss Glenn made an abrupt movement, then relaxed suddenly and picked at the arm of her chair. 

"You came in here a little tough, flashing your wad," I said. 

"Yeah. He said, “Aw, Christ,” and dropped to one knee. " He listened. 

"Perhaps she had Les take it, you know, just for them," she said. Everything about her was exaggerated, like a female impersonator. I figure if you wanted to kill a guy, you could maybe do it a little less obviously. 

"Thank you, Henry," I said. At the end of the motion he threw his hands wide open, straining the fingers as far as they would go. But at that last minute probably something snapped and you pulled a faint. I think I'd better go over there and see what's broken, if anything. So I left. ” 

She stopped talking and laced her fingers together tightly, then pulled them apart violently, as if she wanted to hurt herself. I had to think of something to fit what happened. I told her a little of how I felt about Terry and she gave me the idea that I would have a short unhappy career if I got you mad. But why keep me here?” 

He spread his restless hands. The room was empty of life. Her black-gloved hand reached out and I put the bills in it. Marty looked back at me. He slid his right hand into his coat pocket and opened the door with his left hand, threw it open quickly. He turned the deadlatch. And after that there wasn’t a sound from him. If I were you, I'd just forget the whole thing. Where I lived it was usually clear in the early morning and nearly always at night. Once in a while a whole day would be clear, nobody quite knew why. 

It was on a day like that—it happened to be a Thursday—that Roger Wade called me up. 

"No, but he does," he said softly. 

“I’m looking for the Grayle residence,” I said. ” 

“I’m Clyde Um—” 

“Don’t,” I interrupted. I must go in, Mr. 

“Say something, pally,” the big one said. Sutton-Cornish neatly out of the air and held him squirming like a kitten, between his large thumb and forefinger. 

"I'd better ring the bell, m'dear," Mr. “You should have seen him when he got home. I know how it upsets you. His small neat fingers speared one like a trout taking the fly. 

Out of deference to me, he listened to my story as I told it for the fifth time. 

"Why, that's just a piece up the Bascomb road. It was a few minutes to eleven o’clock. He tore it up. He sat down on the wet gravel and his harsh panting dominated every other sound of the wet night. 

It was long enough for a man to stretch out in, and a man was stretched out in it, on his back. 

“Ye-es. "You could be doing that all your life. I'll take it fast. You can hold one of the keys--and we'll talk split later on. ” 

She curled her lip slightly and said nothing. “And if you want to know, I detest wearing perfume in the office. ” 

“Attaboy. Other kinds are valuable to some extent for the material, but chiefly for the workmanship on them. And more novels: The Little Sister (1949), The Long Goodbye (1954). ” 

“Yes?” 

“And suppose Talley noticed this while Lavery was telephoning to the doctor, who was out on his rounds. 

“Fifteen thousand dollars?” 

I nodded. Carmady parked around the corner, went in at the employees' entrance and rode to the fourth floor in a rickety elevator operated by an old man with a dead cigar in his mouth and a rolled magazine which he held six inches from his nose while he ran the elevator. He was staring at Conant. Violet eyes. Almost purple. But from time to time there were—incidents. I was the first writer to write about Southern California at all realistically. ” 

“Listen, Marlowe. “Like that fat slob they have for chief of police nowadays. Maybe you’re selling insurance. ” 

Carmady stood loosely by the kitchen table, with his legs spread wide, his hands in his overcoat pockets, his head tilted back. Like the other one. " 

"He's really dead?" she whispered. Across the street a row of enormous eucalyptus trees fringed a set of public tennis courts. The Ocean breeze had begun to filter through the low mountains to the west. “Perhaps I don’t understand,” he said. I am. 

I put them on slowly, with fumbling fingers. Its door slammed open and a figure jumped out of it, waving a gun and shouting. There were clothes on racks, feminine clothes, nice clothes. 

I left him there in the rain. He grabbed her arms hard enough to bruise her and slowly using his strength he pulled her tight against his body and held her there. He went out of the room down the hall toward the sound of the dance band. I kept my feet, backed toward the wall as if I was distancing myself from the cook. And you and a girl here. She was dead before the guy started to smack her head around. 

Bud Cone looked like the embalmers had got halfway with him, but hadn’t started putting the fluid back in yet. From Violets M'Gee I got the large and succulent razzberry, and from the late Howard Melton I got what was left of the fifty dollars he had advanced me. I went out there. ” He dropped the cigar back in the drawer and looked at the open file. ” 

“Maybe there will, maybe there won’t. ” His voice was a little drowsy now. Don’t worry about that, Marlowe. If you do, I won’t be able to find anything out. He knew who I was and what I was doing. Blood came out on his lips. 

“You know, Eddie, you guys don’t give a good goddamn whether these guys are Communists or what they are—Brecht or anybody else. Wait'll I get some glasses. " He took a couple of steps farther into the room and I took the same number towards him. 

But that wasn't what I was thinking at all. 

"I prefer 'current heartthrob'" I said. Evans was over here earlier in the evening and you told him about it, Mrs. " 

"Not me," I said. Then he took the chewed match out of his mouth, looked at the flattened end of it, tossed it away. " 

"You must have relatives on board," I said. I didn't like it any more than I liked his clothes, or his face. ” 

“That’s just it, mister! I don’t know what I’m supposed to shut up about. His misery had a theatrical flavor, as real misery so often has. 

“But you can’t wear the chiselers down,” I said. “Not necessarily an interesting place. What I said. Aage shot her. The blonde girl didn’t move a muscle. It had a heavy purr, like a small dynamo behind a brick wall. He threw the rifle down on the counter. He threw the ankle away from him, hard. 

The radio still muttered, but the girl was gone from the davenport in front of it. Thought you might come this way. Nice going. Maybe you didn't spot Landrey, but I don't want you around. ” 

Francine Ley’s nails clawed at her skirt. 

“Why would I have a hard time finding her? She’s not buried in the back yard, I hope. So is her father. And he knows the guy. 

On December 12, 1954, Chandler’s wife Cissy died and Chandler never recovered. So I can’t read the names yet, but there’s about five hundred of them. It was gone from its place in one of the locked fireproof cases. World called in freelancers like me to fill in while the regulars were out beating the bushes. After two days, somebody at World decided we had the wrong men or it was costing too much. 

Dalmas drove past it and parked under a giant eucalyptus that etched deep shadow on the moonlit surface of the road. “Before I took you home. Here. His disgust, both moral and practical and military, at so-called strategic bombing, is withering and precise. Nora watched me. “How many have you guys gunned so far?” 

“Hush,” she whispered back. ” 

“It’s not enough,” she said. ” He smiled sadly. His head rolled to one side on the bare floor. That showed a gun worn butt to the front in a belt holster, cavalry style. ’ He stood up, picked a malacca cane and one glove off the table. Parisi sat around then and chewed his fingers and waited for his boys. " 

Francine Ley said: "Yes, honey. 

The voice got mad now. Well, I wish you luck anyways. Not much work at that. Want to go back?” 

“No. “Supposing I believe you. “After all I’m in another business. “The point is I don’t know all I want to know in order to do a job for you. What’s your line, mister? Friend of his?” He made a thumb towards the floor. ” 

“You’re broke again,” Carmady almost snarled. “You can’t expect money for that. ” 

“That’s right,” I said. “So I’ve heard. ” 

“Phil, this one’ll make us all fat as geese,” she said earnestly. ” 

“I’m buying the trip back—even if I don’t use it. 

“Don’t get gay with me, cheapie. “Black, strong and made this year. ” 

“You can’t drink liquor in here,” the clerk said. “Well, you can’t blame me for trying. ” 

“You walking out on me?” 

I went over to the door. He said: “Grand Juries do ask those embarrassing questions sometimes—in a rather vain effort to find out just why cities are run as they are run. Only he does, and somebody’s dead. He was dead, in her bed, in yellow pajamas. I took the knife out of his hand and stepped over him through a door marked Office. Inside was a thin cheap cardboard box pasted over with brown paper and stamped Made in Japan with a rubber stamp. Sylvia is a tramp. He knows it and he hates it and there’s nothing he can do about it. He paid. He just didn’t mean anything to me, one way or another, alive or dead, compared with keeping it from dad. Blood came out on his lips. 

The cop in nurse's uniform turned as white as the starched cap. 

‘Nothing,’ I said. Another voice spoke clearly behind me. After a while he stepped back and nodded. 

“What you make of it?” 

“Nothing much. Rhonda Farr was lying on it, wrapped to the chin in a brown army blanket. 

The car slid soundlessly down the driveway, passed between a couple of squat stone pillars and was lost among the lights of the boulevard. “From here we take a straight walk to the boiler room catwalk. They’ll have steam in one auxiliary, because they don’t have no Diesels on this piece of cheese. He’s that kind of lad. ” 

Red looked this way and that and turned his lips a little more close to my ear. 

“Go on, be tricky,” I said, and got up from the chair and went out to the kitchen. "Just a panel job to start with," he drawled. And have a drink on your way out. " 

"I like dogs," Saint said quietly. No one said anything for a moment. You and me are at the jumping-off place. You can’t beat it because not enough people want to, especially the million-a-year lawyers who work for it. ” 

He stood up and went to the door and called out: “Tony. 

“When they use a twenty-two that means they don’t make mistakes. There was no side porch, no way to get at the windows in a hurry. He wrote out a full confession this afternoon in his hotel room and shot himself. Or that's what everything had started out as. 

“So long, beautiful hunk,” I said, and left him standing there. “You like it in jail?” 

“It’s not too bad. That mean somebody else shot him?” 

“I think this man murdered him,” she said without looking at me, and went quickly out of the room. ” 

French nodded and tapped his pencil. But I don’t believe everything I read. And Headquarters has the number, in the special permits. ” 

Her eyes were a little sly. A faint noise of sobbing came from the back of the house. Underneath a Jewish businessman is usually real nice to deal with. He’s human. ” He grunted. ” 

He shook his head slightly. “That’s the way it happened—in another room. Straight goods, is it, Gandesi? About this Jack Lawler?” 

Gandesi nodded vigorously. A forehead wide rather than high, a mat of dark clustering hair, a thin short nose, a wide mouth. A new boy, breaking in on the night shift. It was the only decent piece of furniture the place had. He said: "If it does, murder's getting awfully cheap in this town. Then he looked up like a startled deer and his hand with the flashlight in it started to shake. I told her I was going to turn her over to the police. 

The brown man brought his right hand out of his pocket and tossed a wrapped cylinder of nickels up and down on his palm as he stepped lithely across the floor. Florian whose husband once ran a place of entertainment on Central Avenue? Mike Florian?” 

She thumbed a wick of hair past her large ear. Naturally he wouldn’t stick around very long. How could she?” 

I scratched my ear. " 

"How?" Victor said. I guess she won't be home for a while. I’m not one of these promiscuous bitches. Regan hasn’t bothered anybody that I know of. Her chauffeur, a lad named Owen Taylor, had it out. 

Nancy showed me into the living room, left, and returned with her mother. “There are more angles to this than I can even see now,” I said, “but I’ll start by talking to Lavery and then taking a run up to Little Fawn Lake and asking questions there. Don’t think there wasn’t. ” 

“Maybe he’s a parole breaker,” I said. 

“Mr. 

“Would be about a year and a half,” the cop said, musingly. "Agatha with you all the time at the studio?" 

She nodded. "I suppose so. " She signaled the waiter and paid the check. We tipped the Feds. He gassed up there and the service station kid recognized him from the description we broadcast a while back. I picked up his gun and held it on him while I tapped all the places—not just pockets or holsters—where a man could stash a second gun. He drank both of them without a word. His eyes popped at the stripped bed and then began to swing around. So he might handle reefers, or touch a percentage from some one of his workers he gave the business to. ” 

“On account of he knows he is going to call some cops he knows and I won’t need mine to get home with,” I said. 

“Swallow, my child, swallow. “You tell me why you want her found and I’ll tell you where she is. ” 

“Oh yes. His teeth clamped tight. Dalmas slid away from him along the seat and slipped the Colt under his arm. 

“I got that from Westfalls, on the Press-Chronicle,” Dalmas said. 

"So," Anna said. 

Francine Ley screamed flatly and hurled herself at him—clawing, kicking, shrilling. 

He hit me across the face with his open hand. Do you remember the old Bible theory of the scapegoat?” 

I shook my head, no. Why not try the Missing Persons Bureau? They have the organization. I picked up the money, counted it and threw it back at him. 

I sat down with the bottle on my knees, listening to traffic noise somewhere, far off. “I tried your whiskey once. ” He got up and went to the door. 

“Would that do?” she asked him softly. " 

He came into the room with a big automatic in his gloved hand. "That old crow will live for another fifty years. A. I drove up there early this morning. I went back up the steps and into the bedroom and pulled the bed to pieces and remade it. Her voice lacked the edgy twang of a beer-parlor frill. She made a thin plaintive sound, like a starved cat. He was her first husband. The man with the chopper had raked the room waist-high, back and forth, without lowering it far enough. Then they went back in through the window and the dog howled. I see another guy I don’t like. Sure you knew her?” 

“If you ever see her, you won’t make a mistake the second time. What's in your pants is yours, pal. 

"What kind of guy is young Jeeter?" 

"Big blond bruiser, plays a fair game of golf, thinks he's hell with the women, drinks heavy but hasn't sicked up on the rugs so far. The room was as black as Carry Nation’s bonnet. Then the shroud fell away and a girl was all tinsel and smooth white limbs under the hard light and her body shot through the air glittering and was caught and passed around swiftly among the four black men, like a baseball handled by a fast infield. He put one finger up and touched his hairline mustache, with theatrical delicacy. The fingers were outspread as much as such fat fingers could be, and the yellow paper showed between. Lay off. " 

"Why the ride home? Just to tell me that?" 

"She asked me to look out for you. 

I leaned back and gave him a stony stare. I bent down and picked up a rusty can. ” 

“Doctor have a name?” 

“Yes. They were there before I got there. I thought you were an addict who had taken an overdose. ” 

“Why should I bother you?” 

“Looks like you had to bother somebody. 

“You bumped anybody off tonight?” 

“I’d have to look at my notebook. But he knew what I meant all right. " 

His right hand came delicately out from under his cloak. 

"Let's get a couple of more important things straightened out," I said. There were pearls in her ears and rings on her fingers, large, rather cheap rings, including a moonstone and a square-cut emerald that looked as phony as a ten-cent-store slave bracelet. He said it was eight grand. 

ROBERT J. There was more of it on the desk where the night cleaning woman had put it. 

She had a drink. I saw to that. He threw the cigar into the pool, then frowned. While you wouldn’t mistake his nose for a banana, it helped that it wasn’t yellow. Then he looked back at me. He got me on the phone and when I got the name, I came steaming. So I went through his clothes and found out who he was and I lifted the plateholder, just out of curiosity. So they report back and go on about the job. 

“Just so we understand each other,” he said after a pause. There is an element of hypocrisy in these war trials that hurts. Not very likely, but what the hell, he was paid by the month. You would find them in tanktown vaudeville acts, cleaned up, or down in the cheap burlesque houses, as dirty as the law allowed and once in a while just enough dirtier for a raid and a noisy police court trial, and then back in their shows again, grinning, sadistically filthy and as rank as the smell of stale sweat. " 

"My God, are you running for office somewhere? I never knew you to sound so pure. Larry went over to the window again. No—I haven’t seen him. Perhaps he’s sleeping it off. That’s bad too. The way you behaved was more or less an act. There were all sorts of ornamental trees in clumps here and there and they didn’t look like California trees. The garages was full to the roof of Canadian hooch. The block had fir trees along it, and brick houses, and looked like Capitol Hill in Seattle more than Southern California. Nice light, nice soft light. 

Behind me and around me there was nothing but silence. She let me hold her arms up but she spread her fingers wide, as if that was very cute. After all, a jury did convict her. ” 

Carmady shook his head slightly. “I hope they will spare the trees,” he said, “but I’m afraid they won’t. ” 

He took out a lighter and spun the wheel. Get moving. I'm not afraid of Lash Yeager. Did you give me everything you had?" 

He said nothing for a long minute. “Yes. There might be. They started its motor and kept it idling once more. One of them was named Menendez, a gambler. This is one of those stick-ups you read about. You won’t open it?” 

Nothing changed in his face. ” 

“Yes, that’s what it is,” she said. I have disposed of it. ” 

I grinned. This guy’s in a jam. I figure the lady can ride cheaper than what you get for that ambulance. ” 

“Stop thinking, the man says. I opened the bag and went through it. The quiet of the house made ghosts in my brain, ghosts of a lot of years ago. The somebody appears to have been a woman. And beyond them a buoyed channel and a long irregular line where the water creamed on a hidden sandbar. I might get hysterical and blow one down. I passed on to her nose and cheeks, and then her mouth. He looked at me sideways several times before he spoke. He expects the girl to go far enough away to feel safe and from that point to start negotiations with him for the return of the material at a heavy price. 

Trouble Is My Business (1950) 

In the four long stories in this collection, Philip Marlowe is hired to protect a rich old guy from a gold digger, runs afoul of crooked politicos, gets a line on some stolen jewels with a reward attached, and stumbles across a murder victim who may be an extortionist. 



An ibooks, Inc. He said slowly: “This doesn’t prove anything. ” 

He went along the brick path under the tunnel of roses and through a white gate at the end. His frown went away and he grinned. Then he bent over and pulled out a drawer and brought up a quart bottle of rye. I sat down in one of the straight chairs and tilted it back. A hard voice, about as English as Amos and Andy, said: “Put ’em up, bud. and the coroner. Eustace Grayson, presently residing at the Rossmore Arms, 640 South Oxford Avenue. She was left bad off. I heard water run, then the pipe-hammer you get when you turn the water off too quickly, and then she came back. Canino driving fast through rain to another appointment with death. 

I straightened up and got into the car backwards, fumbled around for the ignition key and turned it. We’ve been telling him about it. Ask her about a Mr. Her right hand jerked up from the cushions with a small automatic in it, the one she had shot Delaguerra with. She made a croaking noise. You could look at her longer without getting dizzy. But Mrs. 

“I heard you were kind of hard-boiled,” Toad said slowly, his eyes cool and watchful. Play it up, Stevie. Play the hunch and get stung. " 

He walked almost delicately across the wide dusty street, his hand touching the hard metal of the gun in his pocket, and came up behind the little car, stood and listened. Very suddenly, far out, lights shone from a big ship. Salinger, for example, can. Irwin Shaw is not bad, but he doesn't quite get it. ‘The stained glass of the L. and N. Talbot were having a good time wherever they were and that they would not have to hurry home. 

I went back to the living room, used some more Talbot Scotch and lit one of his cigarettes. "A killer named Al Tessilore. Don't make me shoot. By the way, do I know your name?" 

"Philip Marlowe. And there was an identifying witness. 

Of my two loves, I much preferred the library. I sat down and waited for her to talk. But I didn’t think Mr. Over here the Catholics are numerous, powerful and mostly quite genial, but the hierarchy is overwhelmingly of Irish origin and the Irish Catholics, always excepting the Jesuits of Maynooth, are pretty crude specimens of high Catholic thinking, compared with the French, English, Scottish, and Italian prelates. 

I said: “Is that a bolero jacket?” 

She gave me a distant glance and made a motion as if to brush a cobweb out of the way. Wade,” I said finally. “My opinion means nothing. ” 

“Well, this stuff smelled more like three dollars a gallon. “Waldo had a getaway car parked outside the cocktail bar where he was killed, unlocked with the motor running. The killer took it. The Gideon Bible was thrown in the corner. He picked them both up. I'll open it up. I'll sign it and then you'll let me go--just for an hour. " 

"Jeeze, I ain't done nothing. But I'll see what I can do. "Thanks, Jasper. I just wanted to check with you. Cissy has a constant cough which can only be kept down by drugs and the drugs destroy her vitality. She had a black Persian in her arms and she was purring along with the cat. 

The hall was like the long hall of a railroad flat. It had a brass knocker and a thumb latch above the handle and one of those bells you twisted, instead of pushing or pulling them, and it rang just on the other side of the door, rather ridiculously, if you were not used to it. When it had rung eight times I shrugged and reached for it. 

6 

The girl at the desk in the Kenworthy said: "This man called you three times, Lieutenant, but he wouldn't give a number. Helga Greene. 

  

All rights reserved under International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions. We had each other a bit wrong. 

Dogs and cats stared at us silently, expectantly, behind the mesh. Then ahead of me, ghostly in the blackness of the moonless night, appeared the dim white barrier across the road. The American lawyer saw Lennox there, he was ice-cold, in a deep stupor, and there was a bloody blackened wound in his temple. Nothing. He had an idea and he was holding it like a sick baby. 

Carol Donovan pushed Mrs. 

"Well, you do get up," she said. She was hatless. 

“Is he sick? I could go up to the house,” I said impatiently. " He touched my card with a shiny little finger. He frowned at the telephone, then frowned at me. French walked over slowly and stood in front of me. 

Beifus got out a pack of cigarettes and shook one loose and held the pack out to French. "I'm a private detective, and I came here to ask your wife about an entirely unrelated matter. " 

"You better come on home. "You must be Larry Victor. " 

"And why should I see any policemen?" he almost snarled. I shook it. " He turned back to his daughter. " 

Mallory smiled with his eyes, without moving his lips. He went quietly out of the door and shut it. He didn’t even turn away. But you can’t always judge, I know. In a little while Peters called me back and said it was all right with Carne provided the name of their agency was not connected with my problems. You can’t order a cup of coffee without shutting your eyes and stabbing the menu. But you haven't been up there. “Lady, one of us has this book open at the wrong page,” I grunted. “I don’t know anybody named Stan or Joseph Coates. ” 

“Well—not quite everything. 

“On what charge?” I asked him 

“Section thirty-two. But there’s a strain of bloodhound in me. ” 

“It’s not that. The drunk sat up on the floor and blinked, tried to get his feet under him, and gave it up. There was nothing else. He had died in a fraction of a second. The convertible swooped off down the block and danced around the corner. I tried the house door. Two rows of hard empty chairs stared at each other across a strip of tan fiber carpet. 

A thin loose-lipped man sat on a bed with a Luger beside his left hand. The water taxi, an old launch painted up and glassed in for three-quarters of its length, slid through the anchored yachts and around the wide pile of stone which was the end of the breakwater. On the right the great fat solid Pacific trudging into shore like a scrubwoman going home. His white handkerchief was folded square and the end of a pair of sunglasses showed behind it. 

“I wonder whose lucky piece Marriott was,” I said. Standing probably on a quiet street with a rose arbor at the side and plenty of flowers in front. Gracious and cool and quiet in the bright California sun. And inside it who cares, but don’t let them scream too loud. ” 

“I understand,” he said again. I tried to make the grin appealing, because Mrs. Copper?" 

"Private," I said. "Don't let it bother you. It's all marked, and I wouldn't want to have to accuse you of stealing it. " 

"Wh-who did you say--" 

It was a thick, heavy, clogged voice. His hand touched the butt but only slewed it around. He had piggy eyes separated by a wide flat nose. 

"A private detective," he said softly, licking his moist lips. On it lay three long thick Russian cigarettes with paper mouthpieces. The music stopped and a man began to rattle off a commercial in Spanish. I plowed down the hall and across the living room and opened up. I won’t get my post mortem report before that anyway. Then I changed my clothes and put on the only lounge suit I had with me, tucked the rest of my stuff into a suitcase, closed the suitcase, and locked it very softly. " 

"Then why do you do it? I never do anything I don't like. 

Mallory said: "I haven't heard it yet. It had License No. 

I strolled around the corner with my suitcase and jammed into the rent car and went away from there. 

"I'm set," she whispered. Tell it. I just came from his office. 

Languidly, at the edge of the underwater flooring, something that looked vaguely like a human arm and hand in a dark sleeve waved out from under the submerged boarding, hesitated, waved back out of sight. I had a couple of short drinks and stuffed a pipe and sat down to interview my brains. But she had committed murder in Japan, and I wondered how I’d feel for the rest of my life if I told Tono Kuruma, No, and just walked away when we docked. And there’s always a chance of a big case. There were a million flowers. It was a gun I had heard described, a gun that belonged to a man named Hench, in an apartment across the hall from Phillips’ apartment. Clyde Umney, the lawyer. My name is Marlowe and I’m calling from Esmeralda 4-2673, a pay phone. I couldn’t be sure. 

Orfamay Quest’s twittery little voice said: “Oh Mr. A long gray car was slewed across the street in the space between the two houses. in search of some validation for what I was already in the midst of doing. They tasted dry and salty. And they don’t want to. It was a very small thing, but it was vital. It had to be something semi-legitimate. She knows where all the dirt is in this town. She fell straight back into my arms. 

I rolled up to a sitting position and stood up. I wondered who the girl in the print coat was, why Waldo had left the engine of his car running outside, why he was in a hurry, whether the drunk had been waiting for him or just happened to be there. . . " 

Everything moved very slowly. Barron hesitated a little longer. 

"That sure is a nice little dog," he said. "I really did. Jeeter's voice said very coldly. He was shot with a twenty-two--and there is a man in this case who wears a twenty-two. The Tinnen case is too important to him. Ohls put two slugs into the door. 

We went up to the house and rang the bell. “Late in the afternoon. We sure skinned his nose on that one, Shorty. 

"Let me in on one secret before you go," I pleaded. I unlocked the door, dragged him into the house, shut the door. It’s the color of blood. ” 

  

THRITY-ONE 

A shiny black bug with a pink head and pink spots on it crawled slowly along the polished top of Randall’s desk and waved a couple of feelers around, as if testing the breeze for a takeoff. “The girl’s story might be interesting, too,” he said coolly. “Ham and eggs is what it means. ” 

“Ham and eggs get along with me,” I said. “So that’s the answer to the pantomime. “Me—a man in my position. ” 

“Now wait a minute,” Anna began. 

“Personally I don’t think he was a finger man for a jewel mob, either,” I said. Lester B. Ear, Nose, and Throat, Stockwell Building, on Hollywood Boulevard. This one’s a dilly. The rails were rusted in a forest of weeds, came down the other side on to a dirt road, and started back towards Carolina. Waltz opened his office door, snapped the light on, went across to his desk and sat down. He dropped the Savage into his left-hand pocket, Rufe's gun into the right. But he is not to do any other positive thing, not read, write letters, glance at magazines, or write checks. I am one of those who do not believe in personal immortality, since I see no reason for it. 

Ybarra filed at his nails and held one up against the lamp. “Wait outside to take him back. Wait a minute. Are you armed?” 

“Yes. Greb?" 

The woman jerked and stared at him agonizingly. " 

"I'd like to speak to you--on important business. 

"Well, spit it out!" 

Aage smiled, blew a smoke ring, watched it float off and come apart in frail wisps. "Old Peg-leg Haines. Well, it got me a pension and it ain't hurt me with the ladies. I’m going down to headquarters now. If I knew where Lennox was, I couldn’t conceal the information from the District Attorney. ” 

Walden made an aimless, defeated gesture with both hands outspread. “Okey, will you do me a big favor?” 

“Glad to. I’ll backtrack on the next one and see if I can make him tell who he’s working for . Somebody moved Steiner’s books out of his store today – the books he did his real business with. “Listen, chum, you were hired to do a job. You got any enemies?” 

Tony laughed politely, his face still like dough. ” 

“I should prefer to know,” she said acidly. ” 

“That must take a hell of a long time,” the big man said. ” 

We went back into the living room. “Like that fat slob they have for chief of police nowadays. His nails were bright but short. 

The buzzer kept on buzzing. He was small, neatly put together, dark. He said thickly: 

“Hell, no. 

“Yeah,” he said softly. Then my hand jumped for the gun and the gun was there. They happened to be Galbraith and Mr. 

I looked at the watch again. If the D. Lavery is the key to the whole thing. I don’t know of any other connection, but I thought I’d better mention it. 

“Would I come and tell you about the money and the gun—everything that ties me to it?” 

Ohls said expressionlessly: “You would—if you knew damn well somebody else had already told it for you. He crossed to that and opened it. It hurts to be hit that way. I thought of him with a vague sadness and with a puckering bitterness too. 

The voice said: “It could have been a little longer. It recorded the birth of a girl child, Adriana Gianni Myerson, to John and Antonina Gianni Myerson. 211, Ridgeland Apartments, 118 Court Street. 

He tucked it into his wallet and stood staring at the silent radio. ” He laughed absently and then his voice became a shade too casual, a cagey cop voice. Her gloved hands tapped lightly, provokingly on the rim of the slender wheel. Her eyes looked like the prelude to a scream but only for a second. 

The blonde shivered the full length of her body and swung the white-handled automatic up and towards Carmen. ” 

He backed away till he stood under a small palm tree by the entrance to the driveway. There was something written on the back. 

She had a drink. There was a fireplace that I could have ridden a horse into. I sat down and waited. Suppose I don't, and walk out on you, and you get in a box? Or suppose I think everything is aces, but Canales don't agree with me and gets nasty. What would he have?” 

“At the moment a thousand dollars a month from a trust fund established by his mother, my late wife. None of the tanks was hit. The fish swam peacefully in their green water, slow and peaceful and easy. And so much for that. He smiled quickly and snapped: “Straight ahead at Robertson?” 

“Yeah. His eyes were wolfish, black-rimmed. His whole face got mean. “Get it for you, baby? I use money in my business, too. ” 

He stepped past me and I crowded him from behind. “You haven’t anything to sell. ” 

“Kid,” he said earnestly, “You got something with that daisy pan and that fluff talk that a lot of guys would give important dough to cop. “He come down to my shack. Said there were no grounds. I--" 

Delaguerra loosed the wrist, snapped the belt holster open and jerked the Colt out of it. I'm sending my car and chauffeur. I shall be carrying a little money in cash. I was sure Evelyn Merrill was in over her head, though. 

I sat looking at the card. The air reeked of whiskey. Why should it be? You only do that at night, when you're the nervous type. And if I were to get into any legal problems, that would mean a scandal, and Hollywood doesn’t need another scandal. " 

He licked his very full and very red lips. "Not liking, no," he said sharply. " 

Barron said: "You don't leave your car in the garage when you come callin' up here. "The name was--" 

"Dolores Chiozza. Let's--" 

"There," Mr. Sutton-Cornish announced, still pointing with his arm rigid, "behind that door. " 

Mr. The flash died. I forgot to tell you that she didn’t take it when she went away. " 

He went away. The gun jerked up in Sutro's hand. 

There were nice lamps, nice chairs with deep sides, nice tables, a thick apricot-colored rug, two small cozy davenports, one facing and one right-angled to a fireplace with an ivory mantel and a miniature Winged Victory on that. 

6 

It was a half-store frontage, the other half being occupied by a credit jeweler. ” 

“What happened?” 

“Somebody snuffed him. 

“Keep to your own side of the car,” I said. You got a pressroom here?" 

"Yeah. What are you offering for all this?” 

“I hadn’t really got around to thinking about it. They'll think of that, won't they? And you might be smart enough to act the way you have afterwards. " 

"Unless you have the key to these bracelets you might spare me a little of that drink. E. W. Hambleton and had the cards printed with an El Centro address and a phone number. I eased him over and got into his trouser pockets. " 

"Bit by bit, year by year, there was a quarter of a million in it for him, easy. 

"Would a logical guy be where you are?" Joseph inquired coldly. K. I don’t care who he is. ” 

“I don’t blame you,” I said. So he had? What was it?” 

“That’s what the two hundred bucks pays for. ” He shrugged. He hung up. " 

"I said I didn't like the pencil. You couldn't know all those things. " 

"Don't be silly," she said. 

The lights blazed on, the motor turned over. They can talk when it suits them. We do give a damn that some punk private eye fingered him. Let the law enforcement people do their own dirty work. Even a cop. The door splintered and groaned, coming right off its hinges, like it had been hit by a Chevy. 

A dick named Fox took my statement. I need a drink bad. His voice was sour. It was brushed sideways across his skull in a MacArthur sweep. I arose feeling a little stiff and dissipated, for I was still wearing my dinner suit. 

Taggart Wilde, the District Attorney, lived at the corner of Fourth and Lafayette Park, in a white frame house the size of a carbarn, with a red sandstone porte-cochere built on to one side and a couple of acres of soft rolling lawn in front. 

I said: ‘I know you, Mister Slade. She stood by the window still, the curtain against her cheek, her eyes closed, as if she hadn’t heard the voices at the door at all. She blinked at Dalmas, stood swaying a moment, then slid down into the chair Denny had been sitting in. They were her own eyebrows. I’ve lived with them and they are bored and lonely people. Ten grand to you, through me. I owed him and I’d never repaid him. There was no answer. A parchment-shaded lamp stood on a walnut desk. After all Donny had a right to tell a guy like that to get off the ticket. ” 

Adams sighed, stretched himself, disappeared down the line of file walls. “It’s not too easy,” he said. Give me that card a minute. He would be an expert in frustrated love affairs, women who slept alone and didn’t like it, wandering boys and girls who didn’t write home, sell the property now or hold it for another year, will this part hurt me with my public or make me seem more versatile? Men would sneak in on him too, big strong guys that roared like lions around their offices and were all cold mush under their vests. His mouth became a hard white grimace. He was so big he seemed unreal. His eyes became thoughtful. 

“How come?” 

“Competition you two didn’t know about. 

2 

"Keb, sir?" 

Mr. A thin woman in a dirty white smock stood under it, limp arms at her sides. 

He finished the drink, stripped to the skin, went under a shower. He edged over to the far wall, came along it to the band shell, stood there ranging the house with his eyes until he was looking directly at Pete Anglich. I could still remember the day when my mother told me that Fatty Arbuckle might go to prison. " 

The girl said: "Ah. 

"It's an old gag," she said. It was smaller than Buckingham Palace, rather gray for California, and probably had fewer windows than the Chrysler Building. You’d be surprised what a lot of people would try to bother him. ” 

Waltz shook his head; smiled a peculiar strained smile. 

Wilde waved his cigar and said: “Let’s see the exhibits, Marlowe. This leads or forces them to develop a technique of pseudo-subtlety and abstruseness which, when acquired, permits them to deal with trivial things as though they were momentous. 

The old bar waiter came drifting by and glanced softly at my weak Scotch and water. Black Mask, January 1936. Black Mask, July 1934. 

“Amigo,” she said softly. 

“Shame on you, pal,” Copernik said lazily. The water was low. 

Chuck yelled and his hand jerked wildly. 

The man turned. You do have a radio, don’t you?” 

“Of course I do,” she snapped. Very badly hurt. 

I ran back behind the coupe and got its door open and saw the keys in the ignition lock. I can't write about England until I feel England in my bones. Murdock and make any more trouble for her. She’s never been able to spare me for long. She needs you. " 

Dalmas said softly: "It was that easy, huh?" 

"Yeah," Denny said. He was looking down at the floor furnace. He worked better in the rain. ” 

He put the phone down on its side, put his hand down on the table and leaned on it. “Just ask at the gate for Eddie Prue. Marlowe?” 

“I’d like to be near her—in case she needs me. Doctor is here, there is nothing to worry about, everything will be fine. That’s a pretty shaky molar you have there, Mrs. The threats were a build-up for a killing. 

He went up, neither too softly nor too noisily, lifted his hand, sighed deep in his throat, and knocked. "That's better than the dopey talk. Sure. What’s in your pants is yours, pal. ” 

The girl said: “There’s enough in it for four. 

“Strictly speaking, it wouldn’t be legal,” French said. 

The dick on the floor pushed at the dog. We do at that, by----!" 

He dialed with a thick finger that would hardly go into the holes. We carried the torch for the same girl. How would you expect us to? We're not the F. I’m a friend of your father’s. ” 

“Their features were strictly assembly line. “I been talking to the right people about the wrong things,” he said acidly. All those years gone by and all the smart heads that must have worked on the case, postal men and private agencies and all. Why does he do it?” 

“I wouldn’t know. Take me. Do you good. 

“Do you want the two C’s or not?” I asked. "Now wait a minute, boys," Cyrano said. 

Luders watched me with bland interest. “Funny. Only bite ’em on my right hand. Is that why you are making yourself so very useful to the Wades—a regular mother’s helper who comes on call to nurse him when he is drunk, to find him when he is lost, to bring him home when he is helpless?” 

“Let me set you right on a couple of points, Mrs. “Twenty grand, Carmady. We spent the difference ourselves. " 

Vidaury raised his eyebrows, smiled very faintly. "That's a kick," he growled over his shoulder. You might kill a man accidentally with a blackjack, by not knowing how hard to hit with it. You have marks on you. So you have to go where they can't follow you. They have the intolerance of the very young and the anaemia of closed rooms and too much midnight smoking. They figured the gang pulled just one job at a time, with coolie labor mostly, and sent them on their way with their cut. According to his desk pad he had a date with Imlay at twelve-fifteen. ” He looked questioningly at Dr. We’re just friends. ” 

Mallory walked. 

“All right,” I said. 

I had my horn-rimmed sunglasses on. Ask for Reno. Or ask Ballou. My waiting room is never locked. ” 

He walked off with his head thrust forward belligerently. A tall man with rusty hair and very blue, blue eyes. She wore feathers in her hair, enough clothes to hide behind a three-cent stamp, and one of her long, beautiful, naked legs was gilded and the other was silvered. 

She said slowly: "Lou said if I ever got caught in the rain, you were the boy to see. I went over and kicked him hard in the chest. 

"I wasn't very bright, but I didn't figure on anything so flossy. I'm sorry. I think the game was rigged. " 

"Yeah, but we'll find what he was doing about that time. De Spain bent down oven Big Chin, lying on his back and half on his side on the floor. The little gun didn't go off. 

The taller one said, "You carrying?" 

"Yeah," I said, "you never know when there might be something to shoot out here. He stood in the doorway and said: "Seventh row was the best I could get, Mister Carmady. Then he dropped the hand and caught the handle of the knife while it hung in the air. That would account for haste, cleaning out the apartment, for Waldo’s anxiety about the girl. I could feel the sore place on my jaw all right, but it wasn’t important enough to write in my diary. Seems Magoon tried to shake down four boys in a car with Nevada plates. Kind of coincidence a man in your line would be around when the body was found. ” 

He moved away. ” 

“They can be deprived of their drug. On even money bets, four times out of five. And he read constantly. They could tell if she had been shot or stabbed. 

“No more, Alton,” she said. His grin was taut, nailed on. But his voice stayed soft. That’s what I see. ” 

“Hell, I didn’t need a cab at all,” I said. You can cry if you want to. 

You are safe and more than safe with outspoken people like me. 

"Pinched," he said. At the lobby level the front door was closing itself quietly and running feet slapped the sidewalk outside. Wilde was silent, sipping his coffee, puffing gently at his dappled cigar. ” 

I said: “The kid hasn’t told us, but he must have done it. Then, a little faintly: “The police found them? ” 

“In Waldo’s car. He’s dead as last Christmas, in the woodshed of Marr’s cabin . ” 

“A night like this,” I said. The blond boy slowed up. It was cooler than I had expected, though. 

I turned away from it after quite a long time. Got it?. I clicked the big flash on and held it on the projecting cigarette and on his big fingers as they came forward to take it. 

I went back to Kathy Horne’s kitchen and found a pint of Brooklyn Scotch in the cooler. 'When I say he won't tell us anything, Mr. Vidaury, I mean anything that counts. He says his name is Pete Anglich, that he used to be a fighter, but hasn’t fought for several years. ” 

“I don’t think so, Sergeant. Marlowe,” she told him quietly, “makes a big thing out of trifles. The accent was thick Spanish. I listened to it, my jaw muscles drawn into a knot, aching. I didn't create him at all; I've seen dozens like him in all essentials except the few colorful qualities he needed to be in a book. The blonde was strong with the madness of love or fear, or a mixture of both, or maybe she was just strong. " 

Donner swung the blunt revolver until it pointed midway between the sandy-haired man and Sutro. While I was smiling he held his glass out toward Tino without even looking at him and Tino filled it with bourbon. Annoyed, Chandler had moved to Houghton Mifflin. To enhance the fresh slate, he was about to take the opportunity to change agents, leaving Sydney Sanders for the New York firm Brandt & Brandt. But we need more than that. I need that money. Obviously you can't expect detective fiction to be anything but sub-literary, to use Edmund Wilson's word, if you insist on weeding out from that field anyone who shows any pretensions to skill or imagination. 

I made a show of patting my pockets. She clawed it out of his hand and said bitterly: “I’m so tired I ain’t got no sense. Up to a point. 

I turned off Olive and followed state roads into the trees and drove for a very long time. Or so I thought. ” 

“There’s an idea in that,” Henry said. It smashed with a sharp ping. John Evans. A gold falcon encrusted with jewels as a sort of rent payment for their occupation of the island of Malta. So Sutro put the gun in Walden's hand and went on his way. And a little later we get the routine report on his prints from Washington, and he’s got a prior back in Indiana, attempted hold-up six years ago. ” 

I left him then and went down to the bank with the check, and the teller, after looking at me suspiciously, then absenting himself from his cage for a long time, finally counted out the money in hundred-dollar bills with the reluctance one might have expected, if it had been his own money. I reached out and snapped it out of his hand for no reason at all. Sometimes I see them picking through the dumpster behind the supermarket down on Hollywood Boulevard. Then people with big fat heads would sit in front of you and make you nervous. Waiting. 

“Hello… yes… Costello. He had on a cowboy hat and leather leggings, in case the gearshift chafed his legs, and his face was young and angry, with a jutting upper lip trying to dominate the uncertain jaw beneath it. The Negro spit the cigarette-end into his palm, held his palm out flat, and flicked a fingernail at it, sent it sailing in the same direction as the paper ball. They fought all over the house, from room to room, the place was a shambles and the rich guy eventually got the low score. The old man looked it over, nodded, suddenly yanked the long hair out of his nose and held it up against the light. 

When I finished exploring my tolerance for pain, I noticed that Charlie was clutching a piece of paper in one wooden hand. Not ever. The head was a foot too low over the steering wheel. What a man does to live is all. If he's happy. His set-up was perfect for it. His mouth drooped open and his cigarette hung to the corner of it by some magic, as if it had grown there. They were just eyes, and very wide open and quite dead. 

Also, her folder contained no photographs. Then I realized that he might be short-sighted and from where he stood Frank Dorr looked natural enough. ” 

I had one last look at the beautiful woman who’d driven to nowhere in this immobile car. ” 

His right hand curled, as if around the haft of a knife. Then I thought how little you’d care. 

He didn’t pay any attention when I reached across and dug the gun out of his pocket. Lacey said quickly. He didn't tell me about the shoe. ” 

Carmady looked startled. 

Morny poured himself some more brandy and tossed it quickly down his throat. He lifted Scooter’s shotgun barrel. 

I went the other way, about half the distance along the hall. They seemed to have the world to themselves. " 

"Not the nice ones, angel. Her face was still to the wall and her fingernails were still spearing her palms. I gulped from the glass. ” 

“Did you trust Marriott?” 

Her face got a little hard. Her outstretched hand, the one that had been on his arm, spread its fingers stiffly, bent back from the palm, straining back. 

She said nothing. This tone quality is infinitely variable and contributes infinite meaning. Anybody can have cards printed. 

The Bay City police came about twenty minutes after I called them. “They’ve handcuffed you to the metal stanchion. ” 

“‘They’ also know who I am. I said he didn’t answer his door. There was a dim flickering light in the room and a smell of sandalwood. It looked like what it was—the reception room of a doctor practicing in what had been a private home. Open gates were folded back on the shoulders of the road, in the middle of which a square white sign standing on its point said STOP in letters sprinkled with reflector buttons. A handkerchief neat in the pocket, two stiff points of white linen. “This is bond stuff,” the purring voice said. “He falls for a stray broad and breaks every law in the book and you ask him what does he want? I’ll give him what he wants, guinea!” 

Ybarra turned his head slowly and looked at him. That was foolish, but it saved a lot of finagling, if he was willing to risk it. Because it would let you justify yourself. " 

Copernik made the third page of the morning papers with two photos and a nice half-column. "And only because you were beaten up. You should never have touched it, Phil. There’ll be a bunch more out on loan, but say five hundred is the full crop, just to be cautious. If it’s a good active list and you could run it even fifty per cent down the line, that would be one hundred and twenty-five thousand rentals. The D. It hurts. On the dresser was a comb and a black brush with a few blond hairs in its black bristles. American hasheesh. Evidence. On the other hand lots of tough guys smoked marihuana, also lots of band musicians and high school kids, and nice girls who had given up trying. Linda looked up from her book. She shrugged. I had a good idea what it held. It was a big black sedan with the lines of a Cadillac. Mrs. Florian said she didn’t remember Velma. Naturally he wouldn’t stick around very long. 

And this is only the beginning. ” Her eyes, it seemed to me, were not so vague now. “I don’t discuss things like that. ” 

He turned to Wade and reached for one of his shoes, then stopped. ” 

“Yeah. 

I sat there and listened to the voice. “I’m not happy. There’s four tower rooms you ain’t rented yet. ” 

I shook hands with him. His enormous back hid the door. He slumped sideways and clawed at a corner of the desk, then rolled on his back. Then his head jerked back and his eyes hardened. The curly-haired man said: “We like trouble. I put the top up on my convertible before I started downtown. 

The coupe went west on the boulevard, which forced me to make a left turn and a lot of enemies, including a motorman who stuck his head out into the rain to bawl me out. “I’m not this much of a pushover. Do you mind if I lie down on your bed?” 

“Not if you take your clothes off. I think this ought to pay you for your time. 

"Who else, pal? Who else? Let's all go back in that livin' room. 

Red stepped behind him noiselessly. Give him a drink, if he wants it. ” 

Macdonald turned, held the bottle out, then growled: “Aw, go to hell!” and put it away in his coat. 

“Joseph and I went driving a good deal. You get the loveliest view of the main staircase. We were going to take off for Rio and live in luxury. ” 

“We nearly didn’t get through,” I told her. “Unh-uh. She sent down for her bill and paid it. The robe she wore was silk with a frosty gold cast. ” 

“Come back, little Sheba,” Mrs. ” 

“Am I? Who of?” 

She tinkled her laugh over the wire. Don’t you think I tried? They’re paste. All we want from you is silence. All nice. Who put me in your private funny house?” 

“But—” 

“But me no buts. Like it?” 

“Well,” he said judiciously, “it does make things kind of complicated, don’t you think? But there ain’t anything impossible about it. As he tells the story in place of an omniscient narrator, he can make comments which as author Chandler would not care to make for fear of being morally heavy-handed. It was as nasty a look as I ever got and on as nasty a face as I ever saw. It looked much too easy. I lifted a foot at last, dragged it out of the cement it was stuck in, took a step, and then hauled the other foot after it like a ball and chain. He didn’t see this tall blond go in, just saw her come out. Not finding any he began to sip the drink with his eyes on the white top of the desk. They're people from the joint. " 

"O. 

"One of the boys, huh?" He nodded. Oh, she might have called you a Tijuana hooker in riding pants. There’s a guy inside it. We couldn’t find out anything about who put the car in there. He had seen her up here and he was probably on his way up here again when he met her. 

"I'm asking you," Steve said. 

A voice that came from no one in the room said sharply: “Just drop that gat, blondie. “Who was Costello phoning to?” 

“Atkinson. Marlowe, and for what?” 

“A Los Angeles lawyer, acting on instructions from back east. And if you won’t come in—” 

“I’ll leave this with you,” I said. ” 

Dorr grunted in front of me. 

Kitty? She was a kitty all right, the kind that you usually like a good solid set of iron bars around before you toss raw meat to her twice a day. . 
. . . . ” 

Adam’s Apple went and stood next to Droopy, who finally moved his gun away from me so he could unzip the bag. But the blue look had gone away from her mouth and her lips didn’t glare like stop lights and the little etched lines at the corners of her eyes were not in relief any more. Her skin was without make-up and she looked about thirty and had the set face of exhaustion. 

The fright on her face lasted so short a time I wasn’t even sure it had ever been there. "We had a few lots at Playa Del Rey, if you have to know. Once in a while a fight or a drunk driver in summertime. Florian’s home, just to keep her in line. He went on, his blue-gray back even and calm under the heavy leather pouch. 

“All right,” I said. The body twisted enough for one of the rear doors to spring open. ” 

It was like that, over and over again, lying on the bed and watching the patch of sunlight slide down the corner of the wall. “I don’t really know much about it. ” 

Trimmer Waltz broadened his smile, turned it on the girl. ” 

“Thanks for the time,” I said. He was a very good-looking boy. 

“Step right in,” he drawled. " 

"Ees very fonny. 

2 

The last time I had been in the Gray Lake district I had helped a D. Nothing in it for us. Get her out, Tony. Promise?” 

“I promise. Eddie—” 

“Forget Eddie. I’ll go see him after I get some rest. It was a Commando outfit. I went into a conference with my flask of Scotch, and then just sat. " 

He turned and looked at me slyly. 

Johnny Rails nodded quietly. Morningstar,” I said. 

He opened his eyes and looked at the bill. Degarmo was right behind me. At the lobby floor Degarmo stopped and held his hand on the doorknob and listened. ” 

“Yes, Mr. 819 Twenty-fifth Street. Come around and pin a putty medal on me for minding my own business. ” He sighed. 

The room he went into was paved with dirty brown linoleum, furnished with the peculiar sordid hideousness only municipalities can achieve. I won't hurt you. 

There were people and cars up and down the block as usual. Barron. When we came to the edge of the water and the end of the road to the pier, he put his flashlight on the road and studied it carefully. 

25 

Linda didn't like me staying away overnight. 



Grateful acknowledgment is made to Houghton Mifflin Company for permission to reprint “The Pencil” by Raymond chandler from the Midnight Raymond Chandler. The gimp leaned against the window, watched Hank and Anna behind the counter. We sat down and lit cigarettes. No funny business, no smart work, no slip-up and nobody hurt. Takes time. Beats up an appetite. I can't think of any clever reasons. 

‘Stand up a minute,’ Marty said. I didn't know how good it was until I knew how close Lou's death could be timed. " 

"You could be packed in two," I said. I put my hat on, locked the Scotch in the bag by the chair I'd been sitting in, went over and shut the window. When I came back they were both standing by the door. He tossed a handful of cardamom seeds on his blotter and filled both glasses. " 

"And the door?" Victor said. I never heard of the Leander pearls and don't have any money in the bank. She was seen to give Phillips a small package. The door came slowly shut and I heard her rapid steps above the sound of its closing. ” 

“You must have liked him,” I said. ” 

“I suppose you know that we are not married any more, but I’ve been a little worried about him. “I caught the disease from a producer at MGM. 

“Marlowe’s the name. I let her have it, even though it still had an inch to go. He looked at it sourly, grunted, and turned away. Light went on in the house. 

The Indian growled. You’re not too hard to take. ” 

“I see. Why?” Ohls lifted his hands and put them on his knees. He didn’t plant them—if that’s what you mean. 

He rolled toward the gun and took hold of it. He was rattled because she was a girl and young and pretty. Pete Anglich and the girl didn’t see him. He shut the doors quietly, stepped on the starter, threw the car in gear. 

When he saw me, he stopped, pulled his head back an inch, raised his eyebrows and stared at me. The closing door seemed to jump at him. The boy was inside it, leaning back sideways in the corner. I sat down on a big white rock beside the roadside berm. Not much by your standards, but I make out. I had got to him where it hurt. I still get them confused, but I find the characters unforgettable, especially Marlowe, who carries the burden of living with a cynicism which manages to avoid bitterness. ” 

“Was the play at Las Olindas crooked?” I asked. The boy was sitting quietly on the couch, playing with the little airplane and sneaking peeks at me. 

The gun was about four feet away, almost under the fallen tree. 

SEVEN 

It was a wide room, the whole width of the house. 

One of my peculiarities and difficulties as a writer is that I won't discard anything. They both held guns. The blond man stayed put and smiled sarcastically at De Ruse. Flash gambling for flash people. Men had gone in and out. 

Letter to S. “If they’re still there. Derace Kingsley. He had two chairs arranged side by side, facing into the corner. 

W. Glasses tinkled gently, lights glowed softly, there were quiet voices whispering of love, or ten per cent, or whatever they whisper about in a place like that. 

A tall fine-looking man in a gray suit cut by an angel suddenly stood up from a small table by the wall and walked over to the bar and started to curse one of the barmen. I'm no bargain for anyone. " 

"John!" 

"The hell with it," I said. You got sapped, angel. You could interrupt them, but it would take violence. I’m not Dorothy Dix, and I’m only partly a prune. ” 

“Eddie’s a handful of mush,” I snarled. 

Mr. 

"I was led to believe he was here, on assignment, shooting the stills. Sure he wants my job. What's in your pants is yours, pal. A horn blared in the street outside the hotel. I groaned, and made a grunt out of the groan, from professional pride-what was left of it. You know? I wear low dresses and bend over in front of the camera a lot. ” 

Torrance laughed. “There was a man murdered too—remember?” 

“He didn’t do that either, nor have it done. Historians like Jonathan Theil have written that the birds the Hospitalers gave in those days were made of feathers and claws, not precious metals. What got Hammett thinking about jewels was an ancient skull filled with diamonds and rubies. My voice sounded like somebody tearing slats off a chicken coop. Come on, pal. He kicked Carmady's ankle climbing over him. But mostly it would be women, fat women that panted and thin women that burned, old women that dreamed and young women that thought they might have Electra complexes, women of all sizes, shapes and ages, but with one thing in common—money. Marlowe? Your instinct was unerring. Endicott is calling you. They’ll just want to forget the whole thing fast. There will be probably one guy below. I don't think it has quite the reckless extravagance of ours, but it seems to have more endurance. 

I hadn't believed it quite the way Miss Glenn told it anyhow. 

“Ask me out in the kitchen,” the big man drawled. "Haven't gotten a chance to clean up today. " 

I nodded. He pushed him quickly, yet somehow casually, down the steps to the dim main lobby and steered him into a corner. I can’t help being rather anxious. ” 

He pulled his head back out of the doorway and let the door close. 

“What—?” She stopped dead, with her head half turned. He looked at me with lazy, half-closed eyes. He picked up a long-handled file and began to file one of his nails. 

“See you again, sweetheart. His trigger finger whitened at the exact moment Beasley's gun began to pulse and roar. 

Nicky held the flash close to his face and snapped it on, off again, on, off again, monotonously, in a kind of rhythm. He just came – and he went. He was scared. Paid hard. Doesn’t it make you feel kind of mean?” 

I shook my head. It’s worth a dime cigar. But if my friend couldn’t get another like it, these thugs couldn’t very easily dispose of it either. ” 

I said: “Is that all?” 

He looked at his mother. I said: “Does your wife own a gun?” 

He turned a drawn miserable face to me and said hollowly: “Good God, man, you can’t really think that!” 

“Well does she?” 

He got the words out in small pieces. ” 

“I almost did,” Targo said sullenly. She’s run away, Mr. She got sad and sorry and she went after Marr herself. I went into the bathroom and groped around and found a bottle of Nembutal on the shelf. You know? I wear low dresses and bend over in front of the camera a lot. 

I was getting one in a flossy new place across the street from the apartment house where I lived. Marlowe,” she said through the door in a nasty voice, and went away grinding her teeth. But when it comes to a really big thing—like saving a man’s life—he is out by the lake watching a silly speedboat. You can buy a town this size all complete, with the original box and tissue paper. I think she’s left town, and me, I’m doin’ that too, now I’ve got the scratch. It was Bernie Ohls, the D. 

I took three more steps and froze. The interview was very formal and by appointment. The guy who was dead, the guy she still loved. The little one, Jock, lined up in order, then with a sudden inspiration, lifted a hind leg at the cuff of Oppenheimer’s pants. 

Carol Pride was in there, sniffing at the faded red davenport, the two odd chairs, the small square of carpet and the boy's size library table with the pre-Repeal magazines on it. 

"Evans. I’m at the Casa Mariposa, in Gayn Donner’s private office. ” 

“I’m on the other side. 

“Nothing there then,” I said. The voice was familiar. 

The girl said between her teeth: “Cover the shamus, Rush—and shut the door. The air did me good, but the whiskey was dying, and it writhed as it died. Red stepped over to him and said: “Hiya, Olson,” and almost knocked the man off his feet pushing past him. 

“Never mind why. "He hit me with it, didn't he?" 

"Why, Henry, don't you know?" I inquired. A couple of years back in San Francisco, when I was with his band for a while, there was some slap-silly publicity about us. ” 

The little man grinned sourly and put his pad in his bag and clipped his pencil back on his vest. 

“You could get too smart,” Hemingway said softly. He rubbed his throat gently for a little while. 

Ohls pulled a chair up and sat down and said: “Evening, Cronjager. French looked at the cigarette, looked at Beifus. Il sait sefaire comprendre is about as far as they will go. . . he’s pretty upset. He blames himself for what happened. He folded the knife carefully after wiping it off on the grass and put it back in his pocket. I said: "You're Marty?" 

The brown face got harder. 

"Of course. Vidaury staggered to his left and half turned, then straightened his body again. The Bulletin, the Press-Tribune, the three wire services, the News. Ricchio glanced back at it without interest. Donner smiled down at him. Walden talked to him a little and Sutro knows Ricchio worked for me. But being a councilman he didn’t want to tell Walden everything he knew. 

“Friend of yours?” he asked casually. In about five minutes. Quaint, isn't it?" 

The detective glanced at the bronze door, a brief and empty glance. 

"Out of my line, sir, I'm afraid. The book was a kind of diary. If Hench shot anybody, she would have some idea. Candless. Perhaps I may call you again later. " 

"You're sweet but I don't in the morning--except sometimes and this isn't one of them. I dialed Ikky Rosenstein's number. Russian cigarettes filled with marihuana. With your card rolled in the hollow mouthpieces. A neat small silver lighter came out next and snapped a neat small flame to the cigarette. 

I said: “Drop it, Hench. He dropped the gun and tumbled back into the pug, and the black guy came for me, throwing a handful of something gritty in my face and swinging a piece of pipe. 

We went along the hall towards the back and turned into a room with a long, bare, scarred table, three or four wooden chairs and a lot of newspapers on the floor. He pulled the suede gloves off his hands and wrote the number down in a small notebook. 

It wasn’t the law, or somebody would have been there still. "Waldo's rent car don't get a report right away. And they don't make Waldo very soon. Like they’re doing all over the world right now. ” 

“What can I do for you?” 

He looked me over unhurriedly. He looked down at the card again. There was just space to walk past them to the desk. m. I’ll drive you to the airport. Two C notes buys a lot of information in my circle. It was tessellated and thick rugs lay on it. His wife said she was willing to spend a little money to have him come home. 

After a little while he went back into the closet and came out with a small gun in a soft leather harness with two short straps. The door opened before he got there. She’s dead, they’re all dead. ” 

“The war’s over, Reggy. ” 

“The Carne Organization,” I said, “never needs anything from anybody. ” 

“I got five yards that want to grow. “The hell it is. ” 

She said: “Is that so?” and fitted her cigarette between her lips and drew slowly on it. ” He got one and spread it out quickly and the light blinked in his brassy hair as he bent over it. ” 

“Do you know for a fact he came into money—or was that just something he said?” 

She shrugged. “You Marlowe?” I set down the bishop. Murdock,” she bleated. “You know I don’t. No sir, I had not. Jules Amthor. 

The phone rang and I answered it absently. "Near the top. " 

I thanked her and turned to leave. She lives in Bay City. Because the headache will always be there, a weapon that never wears out and is as deadly as the bravo’s rapier or Lucrezia’s poison vial. That’s what makes it funny, tragic-funny. ” 

“Why not the Bay City cops?” I put salt on my eggs. The guy stopped the big one. " 

"That's lousy," Rhonda Farr said in a voice like iced velvet. 

I took a long pull at the Scotch and looked around the rented room at the rented furniture. I had to explain it. Then her eyes suddenly opened wide and wild. 

“Don’t kid yourself I won’t use this heat, if I have to,” he said. The other half he stuck behind his ear. His face was sweaty but I left the rug over him. His head was wedged against the door. 

Sanders wasn’t ready to let it go yet. It was thick white spray in the headlights, and the noise of it on the top of the car was like drum fire very far off. It broke surface. 

I stopped, with a glass in each hand, and said: "Maybe this hot wind has got you crazy too. This time there was no light behind it. 

I pointed to Miss Fromsett’s empty desk and the little blonde nodded and pushed a plug in and spoke. 

When he was about six feet from De Ruse something small and darkly glistening seemed to slide out of the left leg of De Ruse’s trousers into his hand. “Know anybody around here that keeps a lot of goldfish?” I asked. It was lifted out of twelve feet of water off Lido fish pier this a. I reached my wallet out and slipped the thick hard window of celluloid from over my driver’s license. ” 

“I don’t blame you,” I said. I put it back in my pocket. 

Cotton flannel pajamas. 

It wasn’t so bad considering. He wondered why gunmen would use a car with plate numbers reading 5A6, almost a privilege number. He glanced at the tip of his cigarette, said: "I think I know him, But he doesn't visit here. Then he hiccoughed. He shot him twice”—I snapped my fingers twice—“like that. He went there to look for this girl named Velma that had been his girl before he was pinched for the bank job. “What would you expect?” 

He went across to the street door, carrying his suitcase, stepped out under the stencil sign, stood a moment looking toward the hard white glare of Central Avenue. Marlowe?” he asked. Bochos give you the introduction?” I asked, patting my pockets, looking for a cigarette. ” 

“Then he saw me stroll right back again. “It never lost anybody a dollar yet. 

“Uh-huh. . ” Cuellar stopped, looked sideways at Mrs. ” 

“So we’re not even talking a full day here, are we? Shouldn’t cost more than, what, fifteen dollars?” 

I looked at the boy again. 

“It’s in my bedroom,” Miss Fromsett said, knowing at once what I was looking for. Some days I think it is fun and other days I think it is damn foolishness. 

Dalmas bent down over Joey and muttered: “Take it easy, oldtimer . " 

The clerk said: "Step on it. His not looking at her was more emphatic than if he had slapped her face. Then he lay still. I bought a package of cigarettes and lit one and took up my position near the open telephone booth. He became limp and his hand sweeping down from under his coat knocked his glass over on the desk top. He tied the flame-colored handkerchief to the looped wire. Assuming, of course, we bring it off. If it’s a long time they may not even find out he was shot. 

I heard nothing for a few minutes, then I heard a telephone being dialed. Just for tonight two dashes of bitters. How long will you last, after turning me loose?” 

“I’m not afraid of Canino. “I don’t know anything. ” 

“Just what is it you’re afraid of, Mrs. 

“I don’t either like you or dislike you,” I said. Derace Kingsley. He had two chairs arranged side by side, facing into the corner. 

“There’s a guy won’t ever do any worrying,” Copernik said, when he was gone. Austrian?" 

He nodded. His Adam's apple moved vaguely in his lean throat. He drew them out, felt the seat under the wheel. 

He felt the Smiler's pulse. With a beaming smile he faded into his neat colonial doorway and the world was still and empty again. It seems they make them up like Russian cigarettes down in Bay City with hollow mouthpieces and the Romanoff arms and everything. So I went back and sat in my car for a while. 

“That’s not what I mean. You must be all tired out. But television's perfect. When I wrote about writers this did not occur to you. 

But I worried, felt embarrassed that I had not penned an East of Eden. "I get it. " 

She smiled and slid the door wider. "So like four years ago you ditched Lola Faithful, and a few days ago she braces you in a bar and starts screaming about it?" 

"She carries a torch, Marlowe, not my fault. You're pretty clever, you know. Dud left without saying goodbye to me. None of those people knocked him off. " 

"I know my position, sir. 

The adjoining dressing room has ankle-deep pink carpeting, wall to wall. Chandler had become embroiled with his new secretary's ongoing divorce. 

The trouble with my book is that I wrote about half of it in the third person before I realized that I have absolutely no interest in the leading character. ” 

“Why?” 

“He was playing around on her and she didn’t like it. 

“How did he take it?” 

“He was sorry. "Okey, toot your horn," he grunted. We'll ride about ten miles downgrade in your heap. But we're just about fresh out of liquor. Real pearls are gritty between the edges of the teeth. Not just a top card and a bunch of hay. Not to mention white hair, and not over thirty-five years old. I mean he already had enough of that, didn’t he?” 

She nodded her head silently. I cut the lights and switched off the motor and sat there waiting. ” He slithered closer to me as I lay still on the hard-packed ground. “And don’t accept any more drinks from the guests. And you’re afraid he’s living a life of sin in a penthouse on top of the Regency Towers with something in a long mink coat and an interesting perfume. ” 

He ground the heels of his hands together. “There was a situation and I knew that somehow or other you would get Mavis out of it. But you are so brave, so big, so—” 

“I’ll be at my office at nine in the morning, Miss Gonzales. The toast had been painted with melted butter past its bloom. The entrances to the downstairs flats were at right angles, facing each other across the width of the porch. One shot has been fired. This is one of those stick-ups you read about. A man who has been involved in brutal crimes bears a mark. How is he?” 

“Dead,” I said. “Now, you ought to know Marty wouldn’t like me to mix in his business. I was just thinking of my end. Cissy has a constant cough which can only be kept down by drugs and the drugs destroy her vitality. Then Ray linked hands with his wife and they watched the youngster slouch out to the shabby Ford with the strange, old-man walk he affected. I thought he was still in the car, of course. No other sound. 

In France she would get off with a light sentence or none. “And he got behind him. To both of us. 

The shower curtain was green and white oiled silk and it hung on shiny chromium rings and it was drawn across the shower opening. 

"Say you didn't, for the moment. 

7 

When I awoke again it was almost dark. “Question of seniority it seems. Very orderly. " 

"Help yourself, sergeant. 

I could see he didn't believe me. It felt slimy. The wheel was motionless. I stepped in close and put my gun into his jerkin. Her eyes demanded it. Their color was lapis-lazuli blue and the color of her hair was dusky red, like a fire under control but still dangerous. One of them was chewing gum rhythmically. It’s a wonder how he ever got that far without getting into trouble. You said yourself the boys might have learned. Why bother? Two men have been killed, perhaps three. Was she the legal one? Maybe I should check the bigamy laws when I got out. ” 

She flared up again. It hits. In it was everything that was mine, that had any association for me, any past, anything that took the place of a family. ” 

“Looking for what?” the big man said thickly. Brandon—” 

“Some people never learn, do they? Nice to have known you both. I’d like a receipt for this. I told him you told me to come here and wait for you. ” 

“Is this Mr. “That’s hardly to be expected. She was out to lunch. It made me do a lot of finagling with the sleeves. In American Spanish that means buried treasure among other things. There were books all over the desk. A tall misted glass stood on a hotel tray beside a deep, cozy chair. I swung around, adding a little power to the large, heavy, hard and businesslike hunk of concrete which landed on the side of my jaw. Am I clear?” 

I said: “Yes, General. Am I weak, depressed, no good, and of no social value to the community? Yes. He lit it slowly and waved the match until it went out. One hand had a smooth black gauntlet on it and the other was bare. Their wives are with them. On the fourth side there was the high wire fence of a tennis court. Black and white stuff, framed expensively as if they were important. A set of dirty dishes rested on a porcelain sink. “You will pay it,” he said. Don’t tell a soul you were here, last night or today. ’ 

She went and sat down on the yellow cushion in the black chair at Steiner’s desk. He frowned at the telephone, then frowned at me. 

"Damn," he said, "I forgot to get some. I made it a big, friendly smile. I told the truth about how I met Roger Wade. 

“Psychic is right,” I said at last. “The prowlies passed me before I got to Central. “Speak your little piece while you can. ” 

“Mildred didn’t positively have to have Crystal Kingsley’s car and clothes and credentials and what not, but they helped. Except me, of course. "I'm just a private copper in a small way of business. Some nose puts the bulls on me tomorrow, next week, what the hell? I just didn't like your map, pal. But somebody—Leslie, I should guess—had fixed it to be harmless by jamming a wrong size cartridge in the breech. ” 

“How would he get that bruise—falling?” 

The little man looked at the bruise again. “In October 1942,” she said slowly, “Hitler issued an order that all Commando prisoners were to be turned over to the Gestapo. ” 

“Money must help. And I got him. ” 

I put my hand out slowly and scratched the cat’s ear. 

Carmady sat motionless, watched the auditorium empty. At Sunset and Fairfax he bought an evening paper and pulled over to the curb to look through it. The gas tank blew and she was burned to a cinder. I put the gun back in the glove compartment and snapped it shut. 

“Are you the lady who called the police about Mrs. 

"You were pretty straight with me, Marlowe, last time you were here. It was about nine-thirty. There was plenty of blood on the blade. 

“You fired his gun?” Daddy asked. He stood quite still, listening. 

He pushed the door shut behind him and put that hand in the lap-seamed pocket of his coat and left the thumb outside to glisten in the rather dim light of the room. 

The trouble with most English mystery writers, however well known in their world, is that they can't turn a corner. I think I dine out. That wasn’t bright, was it? I had them in my briefcase and this Waldo got a chance to steal them. It was full of cans and some of the cans were full of flies. Braced against it I pushed the bed away with my foot, gave ground slowly. 

A weight pushed against me hard. When they mean it, they don’t send it to you. ” 

Nothing changed much in Amthor’s face. 

His blue eyes frosted. I heard the bolt slide, and turned and headed back to the Olds. Jeeter. So he had me tailed to Arbogast's place and away, and he found out later from his cop friends that Arbogast had been murdered, and he knew I hadn't given it out. That visit was just a finger. 

“Philip Marlowe?” she asked, and her smile dimpled her cheeks in a manner that made her whole heart-shaped face smile, and the world smile as well, including me. 

The red-faced gunman jerked, lifted the gun off his knee. The gate into Kingsley’s property was open and Patton’s car was standing in the road pointing towards the lake, which was invisible from that point. Then he stood quite still, holding the arm up in the air. Mitchell followed Betty, and on the way he bumped a man in a chair and didn’t stop to apologize. ” 

“How early?” 

He reached for a pencil that was clipped to his pocket over the stitched-on scarlet script with the hotel name. Her hair was a hot sunset. “He’s a private eye! Like, we’re in the movies! 

“And he might be packing a gun. “Perhaps you can find a home for him. 

“Maybe you don’t. He was very good-looking, without a mark on him. 

It was long enough for a man to stretch out in, and a man was stretched out in it, on his back. A pale blue neon sign with an arrow on it pointed the way. Temple contact wound. Morny and his wife were there while I was. Did I do wrong?” 

Vannier said: “You could have minded your own business. 

“How in the hell couldn’t you know?” continued Billy. “This doubloon business is still cloudy, on account of a couple of murders which don’t seem to make sense now that you have the coin back. Nobody here would. Nobody says that. That red-haired girl was spoiling his nights. 

“That’s all. I was almost sober and my stomach was bunting towards third base instead of trying for the centerfield flagpole. I was everything the well-dressed private detective ought to be. ” 

“Then you know where he lives. I know you and I know your boss. It was still at the sixth floor. 

It had been a nice place once, had Bunker Hill, and from the days of its niceness there still remained the funny little funicular railway, called the Angel's Flight, which crawled up and down a yellow clay bank from Hill Street. Guess you think we’re nosey. Just on account of that heist back there. ' 

The red-haired girl said: "I sing at KFQC, you know. "Here's some mug finds out lady Penruddock has a string of oyster fruit worth oodles of kale, and he does hisseif a neat little box job and trots down to the fence. " I got a card out of my wallet and tossed that down. We must see a lot of each other, from now on. The town’s full of Hellwigs, some with other names, but all of the family one way or another. “Just one word of advice, Sir Galahad. We are conducting a routine investigation. ” 

“Will five bucks satisfy you?” 

“Friend of yours?” 

“No. ” Denny spread a big hand. He reopened them cautiously and stared at the spinning coin. 

He put the register away and went past the automatic elevator and upstairs to the fourth floor. "All right. Her body shook with a nervous chill. 

“Cute, aren’t I?” she said. Police business that's already in the morning paper. Several people said he was a tall man in a dark suit. 

1995 Modern Library Edition 

Biographical note copyright © 1995 by Random House, Inc. ” 

I said slowly: “You don’t know anything about me. A girl like you knows how to fight her way out of trouble. I shake him but after a while I see him again. Vanderjack knew. It’s easy to ice him. I told you a wise guy never fools anybody but himself. I’ll get you some champagne. ” 

He listened and thought. I’d like to see Mrs. ” 

I laughed all the way to the Waterfront Hotel. The evening is his best time for sleeping. Windows have to be shut when a Santa Ana blows, heat or no heat. Mallory got out a handkerchief and wiped his forehead, patted his lips. Costello jerked his hands apart, grunted, and rubbed the backs of his wrists together where the tape had pulled hairs out. 

"Move out!" he snapped coldly. "Ain't worth it. Day's hard work for two men might get you a pennyweight of gold. This country was worked to death sixty years ago. I could see the hot blue sky, the lines of a ridge, scrub oak, yuccas in bloom spouting from the side of a hill, more hot blue sky. You have my word for it. Son, there wouldn't be nothing left of this town but a few sprung girders and a lot of busted bricks, in the middle of which--Geez, I'll get talking English myself if I hang around you much longer--in the middle of which, peaceful, with no human life nearer than maybe fifty miles, Henry Eichelberger will be on his back smiling at the sun. Drunk, Walter. Not stinking drunk, not even country-club drunk. I can get you for armed assault, and you know what would happen then. I sat down against it on the bone-dry ground and lit a pipe. He came crashing down. His hands lay limp on the sheet. Above the cross his arms were crossed at the wrists and his hands lay flat against his shoulders, palms down, fingers close together and stretched out evenly. He laughed across the table as Steve came up and his laugh had a confident, sneering sound. Doctors make many phone calls, talk to many people. Doctors are just people, born to sorrow, fighting the long grim fight like the rest of us. Doctors look out of their front windows, doctors frown, doctors show nervousness, doctors have things on their mind and show the strain. Doctors are just people, born to sorrow, fighting the long grim fight like the rest of us. Doctors look out of their front windows, doctors frown, doctors show nervousness, doctors have things on their mind and show the strain. 

But there was something about the way this one behaved that intrigued me. It rang again and he lifted the receiver to his ear. Even the rats had probably moved out, looking for a nicer area to bring up their babies. A man who looked and acted like Porter Green, who had been around as much as he must have been, known women too often and too well, and all the rest of it--a man like that ought to be above getting into a cat fight with a slut like Gladys, an empty paper bag of a woman who had nothing to give any man, not even herself. California, the department-store state. The most of everything and the best of nothing. The pearls were as dull as white soap. ” 

Webber said slowly: “I’m going to ask you a question and I want an honest answer. ” 

He put a big freckled hand over the whole lower part of his face and squeezed. A Colt Woodsman will take one without jamming. Behind the short rickety pier a road twisted back through juniper trees to the highway. The darkened car went forward slowly, stopped across the street from a small frame house. " 

I didn't look at her. K. --if we get the price, Gage. We're in this business for a long time and we don't welsh. If we did, it would soon get around and nobody would play with us any more. " 

"And he you," I said. 

When I'd had a hot-and-cold shower and put on some clean clothes I felt more respectable. It wouldn’t do him any good, but he’d have to have it, if I knew him. The white walls had red designs painted on them, the white venetian blinds were framed in white box drapes, there was a half-round red rug with a white bonder in front of the gas fine. " 

I said: "Canales didn't act as if he knew about it. 

"I don't know," he said doubtfully. "Near the top. " 

I thanked her and turned to leave. " 

I pinched my cigarette out and flipped it towards the brass cuspidor. 

"I don't know, he never said. "I live in Santa Monica. Gallemore's money intact. There was only Henry. A yellow window hung here and there, all by itself, like the last orange. He spoke in a tight tough city voice. He started to leave again. 

I thought he was as crazy as a pair of waltzing mice, but I liked him. 

He had eyes an eighth of an inch deep, china-blue, wide open. His face looked a little sinister. ” 

Webber looked at his thumb. There were other repeated entries. 

“Nice clean shot,” he said. The door shut. The second time I didn’t talk to him and didn’t get anywhere. Delaguerra started the car, backed around and started off down the smooth concrete of the highway. There wasn’t any sense in it. Also framed on the wall was a small inspirational legend in steely letters on a gray background. Then we’d have to put the gun back. I got a handkerchief out and wiped my face off and wiped hers for her. You have a captive audience. But me, I’ve had almost twenty years of it, and so have a lot of other people, some of ’em pretty smart people too. So Kathy had been forced to turn in her tin and get a job selling smokes at the Madison House while Johnny spent most of their wedded years in San Quentin sewing mailbags. It's a small operation because he's small. 

Two things I am annoyed about in The Journal of Eugène Delacroix: one is the India Paper, which of course I like very much in some ways but when the tops of the pages are painted they are so hard to turn: the other is reading a book as fine as this in English when I might just as well be reading it in French. The Commish did. There was a green and silver toilet set on the dressing table and three suitcases in the closet. A tall misted glass stood on a hotel tray beside a deep, cozy chair. ” 

I went in past a rack of gaudy magazines and a cigar showcase that had flies inside it. “I got expenses. ” 

“What kind of a job?” 

“I was looking for a barber who had run away from his wife. But I want to see which ones sound as if they are written by a Communist. ” 

“Why would I? The man is dead. ” 

“You and I should get along. 

“This client—does he have a name?” 

“Son, you have a treat coming. I grinned at him. In a little while she would even brag about it. The smaller was number 623. 

I drove around the corner and parked next to a bougainvillea in a planter. The steps hammered into the hallway, stopped. He squealed like a stuck pig. He had limpid brown eyes which, for a lawyer, looked very trustful. ” Harry Jones laughed, a brave little laugh. It was self-defense. As soon as he got close—and I remembered afterwards that he didn’t walk in our headlights at all—” 

“That’s natural. Of course the could trace the taxi--later on, when they tried. Something I can do for you? I heard they made a mistake. A regular latter-day Fagin. Worthy eighty or ninety thousand dollars. The Chinese government has a very slightly larger one valued at a hundred and twenty-five thousand. De Ruse opened the door of the closet and saw a man. Austrian fell sideways across the end of the desk and then collapsed to the floor, out of range. His face was as dead, as expressionless as the big dead-pan copper's. But that was the only sound from him. ” 

Fenweather stood up and held his hand across the desk. ” 

“Was Eddie Prue there?” 

The little girl tore her eyes away from his face and looked at me. ” 

“She told me it was a coupé. “The name?” 

“They call me Shifty. They are aristocrats. The first old man said: “Leetle deef. The hand drooped and the gun dropped to the porch. I didn’t know anybody who used it. ” 

They approached me slowly, the guns leveled at my head. Then he took his pen and started to autograph one of his books to me. ” 

“You’re not making any sense. “I owe you a quarter. She was his wife. 

She was small and dark and delicately made. “But you don’t have to tell me anything. ” 

She stared at me coolly for a long moment and then dipped her hand into her open bag for a handkerchief. I jumped out and reached him still bent over. At that moment Goble slid into the chair across from me. I took my feet out of the floorboards and we got out. I was getting out at an all night drugstore and phoning Bernie Ohls that I had killed a man at Realito and was on my way over to Wilde’s house with Eddie Mars’ wife, who had seen me do it. 

It was Ellen Macintosh who called me up, which made a difference, of course. He looked about Marlowe’s age, thirty-eight. 

‘Duck and knock her off her feet, you damn’ fool!’ I yelled at him. 

His head rolled a little sideways as if I had slapped his face. The crickets and tree frogs got a little louder. 

“Even if Terry didn’t kill her,” I said. "So what?" 

"Does Blackstone know she's hinky?" I said. We get a skip-out. 

There was a big room with walls of knotted pine, beautifully polished. 38 loose. 

I walked along it to the front of the house and crossed a front lawn until I was facing Sandor’s square, flamingo-colored stucco house. If anybody gets conked, it ought to be me. ” 

She looked startled. “Does he, really? So what’s your scenario?” 

“Well, when Miss Dodd found she couldn’t get into her apartment, she must’ve decided to climb the steps to the street above, walked to the garage, and spent the rest of the night in her car. He didn’t like the smile. 

"You can still use it for a sap. 

“She don’t seem to like you, rube. " 

Canales said: "No? What would you like to do?" 

"Bet the wad--dark meat!" 

The crowd noise became a deathly silence. He had thin, blond hair, icy blue eyes and a lot of pockmarks. His social philosophy is a little too rigid for my taste and a little too much conditioned by the fact that he finds it impossible to see much good in anyone who has made a lot of money (except by writing of course), anyone who has a public school accent or a military bearing, anyone in short who has a speech or mannerisms above the level of the lower middle class. ” 

Pop Grandy nodded. The door shook and threatened to come loose. Targo looked dazed, stupid. There was a smear of dirt on one side of his face and his eyes had a drugged look. Her body was shapeless in a wrapper and her feet slithered in loose slippers. Her green eyes were pale and empty and staring. 

"Cops!" she almost screamed. He held it out to the blonde. “Aw, Christ,” he repeated. 

“All right. ‘I got the sucker list. 

‘If I kill the nude photo angle,’ I said soothingly. Then he picked his cigarette case up off the floor. He said almost gently: “You, George?” 

Milar licked his lips and gulped. He said Terry was a gentleman twenty-four hours a day instead of for the fifteen minutes between the time the guests arrive and the time they feel their first cocktail. 

“Why?” she repeated. A loose scarf hung outside his coat. He snapped the flash off, shut the garage door carefully and slipped into place the piece of wood that served for a hasp. I sent the shoe out to be repaired with the money still in it, but the money was still in it when we went over to the shoemaker's place. She worked at the Club on Central. “You probably won’t run short,” she said. ” 

I didn’t say anything. 

“Just where are you going with that?” she asked sharply. ” 

I started to go around him, then I noticed that his lifted right hand held a key. Then he turned suddenly and went out after his boss. I watched her go. 

"You'd better talk to Sergeant Whitestone. Boning spoils it a little. 

"What gives?" he asked me with his mouth full. Ten o’clock at the Belvedere Club. ” She wasn’t looking at me. “But I am a little interested in who killed him. It has a spring lock on it. As he unlocked his door the telephone started to ring. If you had to go over the top somehow all you seemed to think of was trying to keep the men spaced, in order to reduce casualties. With meticulous care he set himself to picking out the ones that would come close enough to be reckoned on as a possible introduction to immortality. 

I skidded the Marmon to a fast stop and Ohls tumbled out. “Just a routine check. He was on the train. The veneer had flaked off him, leaving a well-dressed hard boy with a Luger. 

I sat down on the side of the bed and reached for the phone, and a muffled voice came to me through the glass and said: "Hold it, pal! Just hold it!" 

Even muffled by the glass it was a deep, soft voice. Cars were parked along the street around the corner. Wisps of fog chased the stars down the sky. 

Marriott leaned forward from the dark rear seat and said: 

“Those lights off to the right are the Belvedere Beach Club. “What makes you always talk so funny?” 

“I cannot seem to change my speech, Henry. Marlowe?” 

“For what?” 

“All the prints and the negative. But I don’t have a chauffeur’s license. Get so much a pound. Fast and right now. She always goes to sleep. The fingers holding it were more than adequately jeweled. I collapsed on the floor. And for moderate fees. My guess is that you’ve been there before. Bristol Apartments, Apartment 428. 

“You are living in that district and you are borrowing fifteen dollars,” the Jew said sadly, and tore off my half of the ticket and counted out the money. Her smile was tentative, but could be persuaded to be nice. 

Then she tried to kick me and lost what little balance she had left. He blinked, said thickly: "I'll remember you a long time, big boy. He wore a dark business suit, a red carnation, and looked subdued. “This is pointless,” he said. “No. ” 

Alton’s hand dropped slowly as he spoke and the gun pointed toward the floor. 

“Serves him right,” Ohls went on. A loose scarf hung outside his coat. A car door opened and slammed shut again. He's here. " 

He went out. You can't do my work and keep your self-respect if you let the cops decide what you should do. He wasn’t tight. They were large hands, well kept as to cleanliness, but coarse and ugly. The car hummed by without slowing. After a long time and then very suddenly motion left it with a dry click. 

She was all in black now, or dark brown, with a small foolish hat. I’m sorry. She would have to come out to the edge of the balcony for him to see what he says he saw. ” 

The old man snapped in a reedy voice: “She’ll stay out till the cops get her one of these times. “Did you bring him with you to prove it?” 

“No,” I said. “There is such a word. There really isn’t. There were two hard armchairs with felt pads and two hard straight chairs without pads. It was this room that had the doom cut through to the other side of the house. Miss Harriet Huntress was a nice girl. The tinny chuckling noise was still coming from her and a little froth oozed down her chin. I reached for a pipe and the leather humidor in which I kept my Pearce's tobacco. Your question remains stupid. I’d just have to pick a name at random and probably get hornswoggled. I’m wondering why you were out of your territory. A big curly-headed Irishman from Clonmel, with sad eyes and a smile as wide as Wilshire Boulevard. ” 

“Hell. I have a cabin up there myself, but not a box car. Something might surface. I had a feeling it was going to bother me a lot more before I was through. In beside him, Chuck," the hawk-faced one snapped. You can’t order a cup of coffee without shutting your eyes and stabbing the menu. A. I wiped some blood off the barrel, sniffed the muzzle for no reason at all, and quietly put the gun back under my arm. Now half the writers in the country piddle around in the smog. The show hankie had been used as a towel and was crumpled in the pocket of the coat so that only a scraggly end hung out. 

The music softened and a tall high-yaller torch singer drooped under an amber light and sang of something very far away and unhappy, in a voice like old ivory. 

“I guess you are. What bothers me about this book, Command Decision, and others like it is that it has everything in the way of skill and perception and wit and honesty a good novel ought to have. Edwin is a little bit different from us. If he died she got Dyson and Edwin's money. What did you say your name was?” 

The answer was a long time coming. 

“What’s in the package?” Pete Anglich growled. Goble’s eyes were open. 

“I didn’t make it,” he whispered. He was holding the gun down at his side, pressed against the material of his overcoat, and his big hand made it look quite small. I kept my feet, backed toward the wall as if I was distancing myself from the cook. You’re covered. ” 

He hung up. I guess she won’t be home for a while. 

“Me or the cops?” I asked him. 

“Just go where you were going,” I said. “All you do is crack wise. But he has a chance. Or he could have been too scared to cry out when they jumped him. It's all one to me. It has to be, because it couldn't be anything else. He might never be found until the police got him. That was unlocked also. What’s the racket? A shakedown on the King?” 

The girl stared at him coolly, puffed at a cigarette and said nothing. Lagardie’s phone number?” 

She gave it to me. He didn’t look up. Seen at close quarters his face seemed young and pink and plump and the blond beard on his chin was very carelessly shaved. I took my hat off. 

"Did anybody invent this stuff on purpose?" 

"I wouldn't know, mister. That was some rescue. 

I’m dirty. I waded over to the washbowl, splashed water on my face, felt the top of my head and winced, waded back to the door and found the light switch. I poured myself a small snort and sipped it and thought about why a guy would go off and leave behind him a checkbook carrying a balance of more than $7,500. I’d be out of here in a hurry if my wife got mixed up with the police. Ballou,” I said. “I’m not accustomed to waiting two hours to see anybody. If that isn’t enough, say so. " 

"Where's home, baby?" 

The girl stared at him. "If we get Luders, the job's all done. And the Eichelbergers ain't missed a whole lot of the guys they shot at. Jim’s the salt of the earth. But it does open up, doesn’t it?” 

“Don’t draw any wrong conclusions,” I said. 

“That’s tellin’ him, mister,” the girl across the street called. I rang a bell and a large soft man oozed out from behind a wall and smiled at me with moist soft lips and bluish-white teeth and unnaturally bright eyes. I lit a cigarette and just stared at him. And I mean quick. . . It proselytizes constantly, but it does not shoot people in the back of the head because they are forty-eight hours behind the party line. I thought there was puzzlement in it, not exactly surprise, but as if a new idea had been added to something already known and it didn’t fit. “Suppose it lasted six months or a year or two years. ” 

“Okey,” I said. ” 

The tall, white-faced, somehow handsome and somehow not handsome man backed slowly into the room. “His wife. I’ll take a chance on the others. All it takes is a good lawyer. I could see Vivian Regan’s black head close to it, from across the room where I was leaning against the bar and turning a small glass of bacardi around on the mahogany. 

"Yeah, tell him," he growled, shaking his knuckles back and forth. I put my pocket flash down on the floor and palmed my handkerchief on the doorknob and quietly opened the door. Another light glowed down on the big ornamental pool full of fat goldfish and silent lily pads, the lilies folded tight for the night. There were a couple of stone seats and a lawn swing. I did fall hard for that tall blonde and this was the main reason I took my time from, the old lady. If I am correct, I propose to stop it. If you don’t—you’re gone. I just hung there, empty as a busted flush, and watched Mr. 

I went over to a communicating door and tried the knob. I parked again out front under the portcullis and walked in through the door that seemed always slightly ajar. "I didn't think you did, sir. " He looked at me quickly and looked away again. "I think you had better come to my house at once and we will discuss matters. " 

We started through the trees. He had let his cigar go out. Up to then Porter Green had at least looked like a man. ” He put the edge of one hand against his neck just under his chin. ” 

He nodded briefly. Marlowe,” said the driver. “I know I really shouldn’t be doing this, but I just can’t help it. Harry can say anything she likes about me. That made it cyanide. " 

I didn't say anything. He stared at the big man with a faint smile. It was hot in the taxi. It had enormous scrolled porches, turrets all over the place, stained-glass trims around the big windows, big empty stables at the back, a general air of nostalgic decay. Now that I've made it up I think it's all true. I felt tired. The bottle is handy. Big production. “Of course,” he added, “that’s how it would be. Sylvia is not a souse. Curt Westerheym, Sylvia’s last but one, my dears, gave her the little eighteen-room shack for a wedding present, you may remember. And whatever happened to Curt, you ask? Or do you? St. 

It was night. “Please—please don’t talk like that. He didn’t know. His eyes were bright. He plucked the banjo strings slowly, with his bare fingers, his head on one side, a crumpled cigarette-end sticking barely past his lips at one corner of his mouth. So I called the doctor and told him what I thought I should pay and he accepted gladly, although he had already lost half of it to the collection agency. You’re not drinking. ” 

“I’m not too sick to have my brain picked,” I said nastily. “Waldo?” 

“Oh, you don’t know Waldo,” I said. 

She shook her head slowly. "Let's talk about pearls. " 

Copernik got up heavily and walked across the room and out of the open door and out of my sight. "Guys make mistakes," he said. Just mugs. A lad with a passkey could have gone into Eight-thirteen and turned both the bolt locks on the communicating doors. 

“Whiskey. 

“I’ll protect you, pal. 

The crowd parted and two men in evening clothes pushed their way out and I saw the back of her neck and her bare shoulders in the opening. I figure you could get over there just after lunch, lean on him a little, then get back to my place by early afternoon with the money. ” 

I stood up scowling at him. 

“They don’t kill often. “I have a passport and visa and I’m all set except for transportation. ” 

Her eyes flashed at that. “How far did it go?” 

“I helped him leave town. 

“I know he’s a big politico, a fixer you have to see if you want to open a gambling hell or a bawdy house—or if you want to sell honest merchandise to the city. Perhaps it would have been nice to allow him another shot or two, just like a gentleman of the old school. That’s bad too. Sit down. ” 

He pushed a buzzer. Loring went on up the stairs. Terry may or may not have given me that beautiful piece of engraving. So you got feelings. I haven’t heard so anyway. I went along another dead-end street with old streetcar tracks still in the paving. Not their fault, they were very nice to me. I don’t care to watch you take the first one. 

Sanders arrived in a new Chrysler roadster. Carmady looked at the place where it had been for a long moment, then he went on down the corridor and around the turn. ” 

The old man made noises into the box, released a key, pointed with his chin. 

“It don’t make any difference,” he said. 

And words themselves mean such a lot, 

The cute little things. Just as suddenly Art let go of the tube, and kneed me from behind. 

“He didn’t write like that on the card he gave me,” I said. ” 

“Too bad,” I said. He reached into his pocket and drew out a loose bill. When he dropped his hand and turned, his face had lost some of its lines. I started to thank him, but he shook it off. I got him some toast, also. 

2 

It was a good crowd for a Tuesday but nobody was dancing. “You interested in that?” 

“I don’t think so,” I said. You put a lot of them where they are. “The late Jimmy Vanderjack. I don’t even think he was a blackmailer, in any real sense. I watched her fix hers with two lumps of sugar and the cream. 

11 

She was in an oyster-white something, with white fur at the cuffs and collar and around the bottom. Something looped at his head. I’m glad I won’t be there. ” 

She started for the door, but I caught her by the wrist and spun her around. He understood that you didn’t even want to talk to him on the phone. He was up in this country a while ago with a pal, a guy who called himself Sunset. Miss Riordan was still playing cute with the same one and apparently Mr. You know, the blonde I told you about. 

“I hope it don’t get me started,” his voice said. ” 

I said: “There’s one in the car pocket on the left side. Tell me where to bring it. Where did you get that thing you gave me tonight? ” 

“Why, from him. The stamp on the back of the pages show that. " 

"You may say so, and then you may get to hell out of my house," Mr. 

After he had been gone ten minutes or so, Mr. There was no pulse in her throat. It looked like a lot of money. Boxes showed through the wire sides and, as I watched, the man in overalls came out with another one and heaved it up. 

I went back to the Boulevard. 

“Excuse me, but that’s rather unimportant, isn’t it?” 

The soft catlike smile and the lazy half-closing of the yellow eyes. There was a black sash around his waist and a black fillet around his forehead. I sat down and waited. " 

"Don't kid me," I said. 

"My plumed, glistening knight," she said. Masters swore. 

After a long time Aage said, “Okey, you’ll hear from us. We'll see about him. I'll thumb a ride back to mine. " 

"Sorry, bo. "Didn't see him go out, Smiler. " 

"Ain't what I asked you, Doc. The effort took all his remaining strength. Why would she say that?” 

“She doesn’t mean it literally. 

According to my reading material the main concourse of Grand Central Station is a room 470 feet long, 160 feet wide, and 150 feet high. When I had done talking he made a vague gesture towards the scarf. 

I knocked the cold ashes out of my pipe and refilled it from the leather humidor an admirer had given me for Christmas, the admirer by an odd coincidence having the same name as mine. "He's drunk--sleeping it off. I don't know where he is. You might be a lifetaker for all I know. 

One of them was a short, smooth, dark, quiet, smiling man, with curly black hair and soft intelligent eyes. “A big guy costs money. ” 

“So I called Nulty up and he hemmed and hawed around and spit a few times and then he said you had an idea about some girl called Velma something or other that Malloy was sweet on a long time ago and you went to see the widow of the guy that used to own the dive where the killing happened when it was a white joint, and where Malloy and the girl both worked at that time. 

I reached across for the folded and crimped bill Goble had dropped on the table. 

The deep-toned woof-woofing of a police dog answered me. He lit a fresh cigarette and stood spread-legged in the middle of the room, a big, rough, rugged man very sure of himself. 

"You can still use it for a sap. ” 

“Lot of people ’round here use the bus?” I asked, nodding to the Greyhound sign on the wall. So what? Put that light out. They didn't find any more jewels, but they didn't expect to. 

Three people came into the room. The woman shut the door behind us. And so much for that. ” 

He stuck his little finger in his ear and worked it around and brought it out with a little dark wax on it. The body’s pretty far gone. She was there, curled on the davenport again. 

“You can swipe another one when that’s dirty,” I said. " 

A bolt squealed and half of the door sagged inward. Beyond the concrete there was a graveled space edged by a white fence of four-by-fours. I went over to the divan and peeled off my trench coat and pawed through the girl’s clothes. The gun was a tough little short-barreled. 

Then she turned the gun and shot at me but it was empty. Marlowe. They couldn’t scare Orrin. They never found the gun that did it, but it was not Waxnose’s gun. Scotland Yard has his prints, also Paris. How the hell they got all that since yesterday or the day before I don’t know. ” 

“Candy got the lunch before he left. That’s. But we’ve got to have some law here now and an ambulance for Beasley. I was there. I hooked a heel behind his heel and he was on the floor. He mumbled but didn’t come to. He stood there a moment, then turned and went quickly back and picked up the gun again. A. A man's voice answered it, from behind a half-open door through which light came out into the dim hall. A white enamel and glass sterilizing cabinet with a lot of hypodermic needles and syringes inside it being cooked. 

He opened one of the rear doors. Three low stools stood against it. I hate it when they come in threes. Marlowe. And I regret I am unable to help you in your quest for Mr. I am tired. Something was bothering me. There was another, duller crack. The ceiling above it was cracked and stained from roof leaks. " 

"Shake it up, rube. 

He got to his feet and poured two inches of rye into a glass, drank it at a gulp, sat down again and leaned his head against the high back of the chair. “Just a panel job, to start with,” he said casually, his purring voice still softer from the drink. Sorry to have troubled you. You know how it is. He gave me a steady look which may or may not have concealed his thoughts, depending on whether he had any to conceal. The wrench of the effort hurt his back. 

Reading over some of the above, I seem to detect a rather supercilious tone here and there. The moment of crouched intensity had left me. I locked it up again, wiped the knob off with my handkerchief, and went back to the totem pole. Sure Johnny did fine in that kind of trash can. ” 

“Put the heater up, you fool,” the sweatered man said disgustedly. 

“Look at it, little man. “Second Planting could break your neck like a celery stalk. I am wondering myself. Warshawski. So in a way Chandler is directly responsible for my decision to write a PI novel. Lipshultz. " 

"Did Lippy know your daughter?" I said. I wasn't sure whether he had turned white or whether he had been white already. I’m trying to trace her for her folks. West or, say, some well-heeled friend like Clark Brandon paid for him, it was necessary to pay a week in advance as well. But a week in advance? Why would our Javonen tell you that? What does it suggest to you?” 

“That there’s something about Mitchell the hotel doesn’t want known. " 

Madder opened a flat tin of cigarettes and pushed one past his lips with a sound like somebody gutting a fish. " 

"Come to think of it, I don't have to get you for armed assault. " 

"Or you thought I'd grow a thin moustache and drink port and figure out who killed Mrs. 

"You want to see me, Mr. “You don’t look like no salesman or tourist. Marlowe. If you should change your mind—” She opened her bag quickly and gave me a card—“and thank you for being here. On both sides of Sunset were big homes, expensive and ugly in that special way that Southern California money finds to combine both. Am I right?" 

Dalmas took out a cigarette and rolled it between his fingers. He said nothing. He didn’t look at me. 

The kid was breathing in harsh gasps now. The man walked straight to the table with his head down and sat on one of the octagonal stools and made a sweeping motion with one of the most beautiful hands I have ever seen. “Lin drove me that night, in his own car. I don’t think George was around at all. The noises died behind me, the hot dishonest light became a fumbling glare. 

“Bad news, handsome? You look like a washed egg. There was a dim light in the room to the left, from a small table lamp with a newspaper over it. I think you have been a little too hard at times on English films, which even when not top notch do give you the feeling of moving around in a civilized world – something which the Hollywood product falls pretty short of as a rule. If you think there is anybody in the detective business making a living doing that sort of thing, you don’t know much about cops. ” 

“Not much of a sales talk for a blackmailer,” he said, still smiling. “I’m connected with one murder already, by having found the body and reported it. ” 

“Don’t give me none of that,” he said. “Yeah? What’s that snotty bastard want?” He took the phone, held it a moment and smoothed his face out. ” 

The man swallowed. No feelings at all. Nor has the American Narcotics Bureau, which at present is under the control of the Attorney General Brownell, who, as I understand, was campaign manager for the man who prosecuted Luco. He had been an only child and a childless man, and, clocking up over 100 addresses in the course of his life, rootless. He had chances to spy on her, find out where she went and what she did. Most fat men do. In my case it is behind. The light came from this. The three gunmen went down the stairs, leaving the door open. But that was a hundred years ago, something crystallized in time, like a fly in amber. I'm trying to bake out a sinus condition which has been weakening me for years. " He stared with hot eyes, then looked back at Walden, looked at a watch on his wrist. "He didn't say. " 

"Not official, huh?" 

"No, but they don't run to lab men down here. She swayed along the wall, holding one hand up against it. She ought to have killed me out on the bluff when she killed Marriott. 

"You wanna dance?" she said. And in his faded blue eyes was the deep yearning to talk about it, as plain as anything could possibly be. ” 

“It must be swell to be that snooty,” I said. She did, but by the time you got there she’d plugged him once already. She put her left hand in mine, and her right lightly behind my left shoulder, and we began to move in the empty barroom to the lonesome country sound. She is very efficient. 

Mr. ” 

“Wuthering Heights?” I asked. What was in it had a nice warm taste. ” 

Her lip curled. I reached my hat off the floor beside the davenport and started for the door. Keeping them on made her feel like a whore. She was right. ” 

“Let me tell you a bedtime story then. Dockery shook his head and they let go again. " He smiled at the girl again and went away, saying a word here and there at the tables. Here's the idea. " 

He took the. "The kid's got a bellyful. " 

"Say, you're tough at that. "I am telling you the truth," he said. Do you know somebody named Lapshultz who owns a club?" 

"Too well. Once on Wimpole Street while waiting for a friend in a doctor's office, I watched two men moving those light-weight fireproof bricks which are extensively used in construction in England. When its tires wailed on the curves down below I got the Luger and the big flashlight out of my glove compartment and climbed out. 

  

TWENTY-SEVEN 

“Give me the money. I got a blackjack out of his right hip pocket and reversed the key in the door and locked it from the inside. I tried throwing the beam of my pencil flash along the floor. 

At midnight I left the apartment, walked two blocks watching for a tail, crossed the street, and went into Ikky’s drive. 45 in my pocket, “I wouldn’t. 

He swung it in his hand, smiling pleasantly around the room. He lit a cigarette and walked down the long hill to Fifth, across to Hill, back to the foot of the Angel’s Flight, and got his convertible out of a parking lot. 

"You don't walk like no drunk," the cop said. 

She pressed a button in the paneling and a door slid open noiselessly. 

I locked the desk and office up, switched the buzzer off and went out, leaving the reception room door unlocked as usual. I get an offer of $1200 a year for the use of my name on the title of a new mystery magazine. 

It was early yet. 

A wooden walk went down the side of the house to a woodshed under it. That doesn’t make him police business. That was more than I would--" 

"The story," I said. ” 

“Open the door,” I said. ” 

“You ain’t tough this morning, shamus. “Have some coffee?” 

“No. “But here’s a little item you might like to think about, if you don’t know it already. He made the reservation here for you. She slid over to him and took it, shaking. She tries too hard. Nix on 'Frisco, boss. ” 

“Then how do you like this?” I growled. It came out again holding a small pearl-handled automatic. I picked it up and held it gently in my arms. It doesn’t matter much, does it?” 

Steve said: “Go and write it. 

“Maybe you oughtn’t to have done that,” she said. I’ll trim this feller up and he’ll be right as rain. ” 

“Why would you do that?” 

I leaned forward over the desk again. “Does Nora know? Just ’cause she looks that good don’t mean she’s stupid. Not too often here. Drew dragged a pink and polished fingernail across the front of his throat and made a tearing sound with his tongue and teeth. 

After a moment McKim scooped the badge into the middle drawer of his desk and got to his feet. It was solidly built, with a stone chimney, shingled all over and heavily braced against the slope of the hill. He was hard to see. I ate lunch at a counter and looked at an afternoon paper and couldn’t find anything about Geiger in it. I turned to go. I don't like the snatch racket, baby. It might have been the hot wind but I didn't think so. I got down on the floor and examined the part under the bed. He was about as excited as a hole in the wall. I expected a jab and moved my head well enough but what he wanted was my right wrist and he got it. 

A bulb burned in a frayed lamp crooked on its base, the paper shade split. At last I put it away in my letter case and went out to the kitchen to make that coffee. “And at least I conduct my business standing up. Have you got the money to buy this something that cost fifteen grand?” 

“Oh! You think you’ll hold me up, I suppose!” 

“Oh!” I mimicked her, “I’m a stick-up artist now, am I? Lady, will you please either put that gun away or take the safety catch off? It hurts my professional feelings to see a nice gun made a monkey of that way. You look to me kind of frail. "It seemed simple enough. She told me that she hocked it long ago. 

“What about that?” she asked dully. Chandler relied heavily on these tales for the outlines of his later novel plots, and the fusion of short-story terseness with the rich leisurely pace of the novel proved an effective formula. He seemed invigorated, with a new sense of purpose, as he repacked his bags in La folia. 

“Rufe’s dead,” he said softly. Ohls went over and spoke to him and the chauffeur looked in at the boy in Ohls’ car. Maybe I can spot a tail. ” 

“Like Pepys’ shorthand,” I said. Fast and clean. I didn’t see the number. But to find him married to that redheaded whore—that was disgusting. ” 

Patton said slowly: “Looks like maybe I owe this De Soto party an apology, don’t it?” 

“If you ever see him,” I said. Tell him I’m going to get him for this. 

YRS. “Kenny?” 

Cuellar took in a long breath, letting it out slowly and with some effort. But when he spoke again, it was a whisper. Sunset hadn't mentioned the name in their presence. They didn't know it when they reached Olympia or they would have gone there at once. 

At the back there was a small kitchen with a gasoline stove and a wood stove. There was another door behind him, shut. Joe Pettigrew wondered if it would be wiser to make an appointment. ’ 

Isham nodded. His lips went back against his teeth. He tried to move his hands. That's not too much. It was a small, frail, ghostly smile. 

The two bored men gave her an interested eye. The bullet from Carmen’s gun had smashed the glass like a blow. I tried the house door. ” 

There was a coffee shop on the ground floor of the hotel where the twins were staying. “We need to talk to this bird Eastman. Where is he now, I asked you. If you must get drunk--get drunk, but you are not going with me. ’). Keddie had written again to Chandler, pressing him for his opinion of the detective stories of Austin Freeman. Chandler replied: 

Where the solution of a mystery turns on the correct analysis of scientific evidence, there arises a question of honesty. He would be allowed to work on it from La folia, rather than travel to the studios. He smoothed them edge to edge, riffled them lightly, and tossed them on the desk in front of me. He had dark skin and a handsome head of iron-gray hair brushed back from his forehead. 

“I could teach you,” he said in his soft voice. On Santa Monica the water was level with the sidewalk and a thin film of it washed over the top of the curbing. They tell me that is the difference between photographic dialogue and written dialogue. 

“No more, Alton,” she said. ” She crinkled her eyes as if she could cry. The coroner will be sore because he buggered up the Wade suicide. The silent men were drifting out into the night. It said sharply and swiftly: “How’s every little thing in Bay City?” 

I didn’t speak. 

He was halfway to the corner of Western when I came out of the bar. ” 

“Got a hunting license?” 

“I don’t hunt,” Delaguerra said. She leaned back in her chair away from me. She wore a knitted dress and golf socks and sport shoes with wide tongues that fell down over the instep. 

I picked them up and shuffled them together and held one so that she could look at it. Through the fog I saw salami fingers bunching into a fist. 

Patton nodded and his eyes studied me without rancor. She had gray-blue eyes, dark red hair and fine bones in her face. 

He gestured at her, smiled faintly. There is. A sound of dance music came from one of the cabins, but most of the camp had gone to bed. 

I saw him hurl himself into the water, swimming madly straight into the horizon, foam rising with every stroke. Cumberland. You’re a cardiac case. ” 

“What you do for a living?” 

“Insurance. Any other pawnshops in this area?” 

“No. 

"The stake-out was spotted, I guess," he said slowly. "Early and late, they work. The old firm never sleeps. 

An unshaded light bulb hung from the middle of the ceiling. 

I beat it out of town before the homicide boys could hear about me. He knocked and a woman's sharp voice called out. 

Francine Ley stared with stiff eyes at the floor. Her breath made a harsh quick sound. "You're not in pictures, are you?" 

"Hell, no. 

"Yeah," I said. It is usually about murder and hence lacks the element of uplift. It was a gray Mercury convertible and its license number was 2X1111. A seagull was flailing with awkward grace against the breeze, like a fighter losing the last round. police. Found dead outside a big house belonging to a man named Jeeter who owns a string of investment companies. He wouldn’t use a guy like Frisky for a penwiper, so there’s nothing in that. The fish swam around peacefully, quite content. The hand came out a little farther and the fingers twitched, then began to scratch at the sill. 45 in his brown hand dropped to his side. He said between his teeth: "I always thought house dicks were just a bunch of cheap grafters. I’m afraid he didn’t have any himself. Would I be out of line in suggesting that the confession would have to be proved too, both as to genuineness and as to veracity?” 

“I’m afraid I have no time for a legal discussion,” he said sharply. “Five hundred plus the gat?” I asked. A check for it right now. 

I let the head go back where it wanted to go and leaned down to scrub my hand on the nap of the rug. F. Hose, 

16 September 1953. 

Our trip to England was a qualified success. 

I gave it back to him and said: ‘Blackmail?’ 

He shook his head slowly and something gentle came into his face that hadn’t been there before. ” 

He picked up a slip of paper from the nightstand and held it out toward me. Both their faces had the same expression of distrust mixed with curiosity. 

Much more than Bond, of course, Marlowe is an inhabitant of a particular world, Chandler's own in so far as it is his own brilliant imaginative creation, but a world none the less observed as meticulously from life as are the properties of a Vermeer picture. Prendergast fiddled with her second drink, but not for long. 

I poured a couple of drinks for the ladies. The two cut up cigarettes in the desk drawer had not been touched. 

At West Cimarron we turned inland, chugged on through Canal City, and met the San Angelo Cut. 

“Heard of him,” I said. Delaguerra sidestepped and chopped the gun at a big gray head. 

The lake was deep blue but very low. 

Talking of agents, when I opened the morning paper one morning last week I saw that it had finally happened: somebody shot one. " 

"Shooting today. Everywhere along the way gardens were full of withered and blackened leaves and flowers which the hot wind had burned. 

But the ocean looked cool and languid and just the same as ever. He took one look at me and his face went oyster-white. 

"There's a guy won't ever do any worrying," Copernik said, when he was gone. Mean anything?” 

“Guess not,” De Ruse said. “Thanks a lot. 

I went out and closed the door, then stood against it listening. " 

He drank slowly, rolling it around on his tongue. I was stirring it when the knock came, and I opened to a small, wiry, carrot-headed, green-eyed rat with a tight little girlish mouth. No dice. ” 

We went over to the gray car. “Why did you swipe those cigarettes?” 

I looked into my cup. 

“I don’t think it. I picked it up. I drove to the Chatsworth Reservoir and you can guess what I did with the suitcase full of bloody clothes and towels. I knocked. There even seemed to be a pond in the middle. I yelled something into the phone without getting any answer. 

“Harder for me, but there are lots of others, Miss Mayfield. As Chandler's television agent, Carter was attempting to negotiate a Philip Marlowe television series. Not often enough. 

I poured him another slug. He said: “The door’s kind of thin, boss. Arbogast and looked a whole lot deader. That could have nothing to do with Jeeter's business. But that doesn’t mean anything. Just a bit humiliated. ” 

“What’s your racket?” I asked him. 

“Guess,” he said. I went over and patted the little Negro on the head again. 

The sound of the gun made a sharp slap, without body, a brittle crack in the sunlight. The two torpedos followed behind him at a distance, as if they were carrying his train. 

She had been dead long enough. “This room is eighteen floors above ground. ” 

Silence for a couple of miles more. ” Beifus went around behind me. “I presume you had already emptied the bottle. Wade. ” 

He shrugged and half smiled. ” 

“Walter, you are a sweet guy,” Henry said, “and I am going with you into this frame. ” 

“You saw him last when and where?” 

I took a pipe off the end table and filled it. “Your pal looked familiar,” she said. Is there a missing person?” 

“No!” January shouted. I went on down the steps, crossed to my car, looked back before I got in. I’m no judge. You did more than that for Lennox. I wanna call the bank and check on this sonofabitch. ” 

“Yes, Henry, now that you mention it, I am sure it was,” I said sadly. We went down brassbound slippery steps. And Miss Patricia, she spent her whole life working like a beaver to give things to the town. I'd sort of keep an eye on him, if I were you. 

Blackstone stood and looked down at his daughter for a long moment. “No copper knows anything about this. I called him later and he didn’t know who owned the necklace until I told him. Blackstone laid down the long silly pipe and put both his steepled hands under his chin and looked at me silently. He had on a double-breasted grey pinstripe that cost more than my car. 

Copernik blared: "I smelled something rotten on you from the start, Marlowe. I went down flat, but it found me just the same. 

"Just turn the key in the door, will you?" he said. 

"Yeah. "You gotta have front these days. I'm Carmady. Puma Lake don't strike me as a very good place to go into the counterfeit money business. " 

"Okay," I said. 

"No," I said. But they come out early, when the wide cracked sidewalks are empty and still have dew on them. 

I went downstairs, listened outside the manager’s door, heard nothing, went in and crossed to put the keys on the desk. ” 

“Let’s hear them anyway. “You’re crawfishing and you know it. ” 

I laughed. After a moment I said: “I’m beginning to see things I didn’t know existed. It was Eileen Wade. But it was with my blessing. " The man in the chair got a handkerchief from somewhere and blew his nose. "That's all a lot of nonsense, Charlie. " 

She had shut the dog in the house and was standing outside herself as I turned the car and drove away. " He pressed on the gun. 

I puffed a cigarette and the sizzling noise and the baritone rendering of "Chloe" went on in the kitchen. It’s my business to ask all sorts of questions of all sorts of people. ” 

I thought that over, and didn’t believe it—about the currency being marked. 

He opened up a dark one and lit the dome light and shot the car up to fourteen. He poured drinks, lifted one and left the others on the table. He was a big man from the waist up and had a big chest. He thinks the people here should know where his girl is. 

"He might wring his neck for him. What's your offer? I wouldn't listen even, only I can't stand a shooting rap. " Tony winked his eyes tight. "Tell me about it. " 

I sat up and felt the carpet with my toes and lit a cigarette. 

"It's off Beverly Glen," the blonde said. 

I do hope to have a book in 1952, I hope very hard. Carmady recognized him as Targo’s chief second. That was too slow, too wide. 

He went in and looked at an empty counter with a sign “Manager” beside a plunger bell. I got a cigarette out of my pocket and rolled it around in my fingers and admired his thick and still-dark eyebrows. What I wanted was revenge. ” 

“Oh, that happened in another room,” I said. “You’re looking for Rusty Regan, aren’t you?” 

“A lot of people seem to think I am, but I’m not. ” 

“Me? How?” 

“The papers and the police fixed it up nicely. Did this police have a name?” 

“A Sergeant Galbraith, I believe. ” 

“Hide it?” she repeated frowning. 

“Who around your rag would know him real well?” 

He thought a moment. “What’s Eddie Mars got on you?” 

She looked at me in the mirror. He doesn’t exist any more. He swayed and wiped blood off his face with his hand. But I couldn’t be sure. " 

"It's nice to know I'm still working here," I said. His mouth felt stiff and hard. 

My throat felt as though it had been through a mangle. We haven't had a fight in years. I hoped this would be my last trip to Laverne Terrace. That started me thinking about the Missing Persons Bureau. However, she wasn’t going to hit even that. We can't afford no jitters till it's all over. Let's put our cards on the table. . 
