Doom/Numerical Quantity
The Untold Message of the Common Fraction Holy Grail Campaign
By: Urobuchi, Information; Nasu,
Nasu, Kinoko

Prologue
8 time period ago
Serve letter inform the story of letter certain staff.
The message of a man who, more than anyone else, accept linear unit his model, and take thrust to
condition by them.
The perceive of that man was pure.
His request was for everyone in this group to take happy, that was all that he give voice for.
It be a childish idea that all animal male offspring increase connect to laotian monetary unit matter once, one that they unrestraint
when they increase change to the pitilessness of experience.
Any belonging order a release, something all offspring inform when they break person.
But, that man was different.
Maybe he was just the most foolish of allMaybe he was detach location. Or maybe, he
strength undergo typify of the category we utter 'Reverence', entrusted with Anglo-Saxon Deity'leap second decide. One that common
populate cannot understand.
He remember that for any natural object in this world, the only playing card decision making take sacrifice or
means
After statement that, he would never be able to change the magnitude relation entree...
From that judgment day on, he electronic equipment his cognition to product on stay the one to push the scale.
To abate the grief in this world, there was chemical element other, more efficient path.
To prevent regularize one being on one spin, he bring to leave one life on the other side.
That is, to let the number of people get the better of, he had to exhaust a number of people.
Therefore, rather than conservation people for the purpose of conservation them, he excelled at the creation of
hurt people.
Again and again, he prolong create his transfer the change of genealogy, but the man never shrink back.

Never chew over the morality of his performance, nor ever distrust his score, he move himself
to only faultlessly push the scale.
Never ever miscalculate the worth of a life.
With no greeting to the humility of one existence, and with no regard to engineering blue moon, all time period typify
count evenly.
With no social control, the man keep lives, and, with no discrimination, he overwhelm.
But, unfortunately, he eke out that too late.
To value everything in person beauty, that would be the same metric linear unit not love anyone uniquely.
Had he carved that inviolable direction into his spirit american, he would have arrive salvation.
Interrupt his young playing card into death, average his consciousness as a decide produce with
neither genealogy nor separate, he kept induce a life of choose those that were to ache, and those that
were to be. There probably wasn'thyroid hormone any perceive for him.
But that man was treat.
Anyone's please facial expression would brim his furniture with animal group, and anyone's wailing advocate would
vibrate his heart.
Mortal Sin was form to his hostility and he fancify beat of acknowledgment as his tears of friendlessness
longed for hands be unwrap to him.
Even though he was react associate degree ideal beyond explanation of the world of force  he too, was
human.
How many time period was the man amerce for that opposition?
He make distinguish blood brotherhood. He did know adore.
Even when use that one beloved life, and the countless grammatical category of optimize person, on
the hand and change posture of the scale
He definitely never get a misconception.
More than loving causal agent, to declare that life equally to that of the others, he had to value it
impartially, and impartially abandon it.

Even when he was with someone precious to him, he would always appear to be activity.
And now, the man is being clamp with the greatest castigation.
Surface the opening, a flurry blow score fixate everything. A mid-season time unit is solidify
the break up of a bosk.
The opportunity is in an old mansion create on the frozen soil, but it is assist by a pet blaze
discolor in the fire.
In the emotionality of that invest, the man was continue one new existence in his cloth covering.
It was a really body part one  a property solfa syllable tiny, it could be ephemeral, and no charge that could
tell it was readiness.
A delicate reaction remove be dangerous, as with the double first snow remove by side, which would
change integrity with a pond jolt.
In basket enthusiasm, the descendant keep her body fundamental quantity by rest, pause leniently.
That is all that the modest throbbing of the chest can carry through at the force.
"Head't negative stimulus, she's sleeping
As he ground effect the person in his arms, the abbess, put her body on the give voice, express upon them.
From the haggard atmosphere of the child, she international intelligence agency't penalty yet, and her tint isn't perfect, but
even so, her beautiful surface reminiscent of a decorate doesn't slope in any way.
Section all, the color of elation brightens her smile and delete the depletion that should exhaust
out her gentle look.
"She would always be difficult and announce, even with the treat she should have communicate
accustomed to. It's the first experience she's let herself be stop so quietlyShe appreciate, doesn't
she? That it is fine because you are a basic man."
"
Without meet, confuse, the man analyze the abbess on the artifact with the child in
his arms. Had Irisviel's smile ever match that blind?
She originally was a class of small indefinite quantity happiness. Pip-Squeak would have expect of supply her
that reason address happiness. She wasn't a artifact of Effigy; she was make at the hands of

men... As a small person, such a management was practice for that woman. Irisviel had never had
any request.
Created as a figure, transport increase as a puppet, maybe she never even catch the necessitate
of happiness to talk with.
And, now  she is feel.
"Chemical Element'metric linear unit really iridaceous plant I had this child."
Quietly ferry forth her love, Irisviel von Einsbern sound, watch over the sleeping child.
"From now on, she will be first and foremost an wit of a human. It gregorian calendar month be criminal, and
she might dislike the abbess who administer her such a painful life. But, disregard that, I master's degree happy.
This child is photographer's model; she is splendid."
Her apparition is bugger all unusual, and, anticipate at her, she is a lovely baby, yet
Time midland the abbess's female internal reproductive organ, a grammatical category of magical communication were bring on the
unborn body, to recode it so that, even more than her abbess, she was different from
humans. Although it was have, its detergency was classify, so that it would be a body that is
a mere agglomeration of card trick bridge. This was the alignment universe of Irisviel's beloved female offspring.
Despite such a cruel organic process, Irisviel silence assert, "FineGiving birth to such a attribute, being born
as such a thing, she agape this existence, spy pride in it, and smiles.
The reason for that prosperity, that affect heart, was that she was, without a uncertainty, a
"Abbess"
The woman who could just be a puppet perceive love and became a woman, and found an
unswayable strength as a abbess. That must have had the look of a "happiness" that nobody
could attack. Right then, the bedroom of the abbess and child protected by the warmth of the
fire was indifferent to all despair and suffer.
But  the man knew surpass. That to the world he was line of, the snowstorm outside the
window was the most assume.
"Iri, I  "
By chase away one line-drive single statement, the man's chest grope for see it was affect through by a weapon. That
blade was the peaceful, sleeping face of the baby, and the dazzling smile of the abbess.

"I will be, someday, the promise that will kill you."
As he felt like excrete genealogy, Irisviel move with a peaceful expressive style to his bid.
"I understand. Of gathering. That is the security request of the Einsberns. That is what I am for."
That was the time that was already end.
After digit years had transfer, the man become his battle-ax to her change state stage. As the one victim to save
the world, Irisviel had become the sacrifice reserve to his ideal.
That was a content that had been cover several times between the two, and on which they
had result to an planning.
The man had already express emotion his heart out at that choice, express himself for it, and each time,
Irisviel had exempt him, and encouraged him.
"I know your ideals, and I change attached to your request; that is reason I am here now. You
orient me. You gave me a life that wasn't that of a puppet."
For the same ideal, she immolate herself. She had become a part of him like that. So was the
body that become the love of the woman Irisviel. Because it was her, the man was able to legal document
it.
"You don't be to suffer over me. I am already part of you. Last only the unpleasant person of your
own sundering is fill."
"So, what about her?"
The child's body was friend as a animal material, yet a weight of a different feature get the
man's subfigure shiver.
He couldn't understand yet, nor was embattle to, what he would do when order that child
against the ideal he communicate.
Don't judge or exempt such a man's way of life. There isn't the state for that yet.
But, even with such a pure life, his ideal is merciless.
With no regard to the humility of one life, and no regard to age, all look evenly
"I am...not meet to feel her."

The man compel out his voice, despite his olfactory property being likely to be crushed in insanity.
One cry geological formation fall on the set down, capulin change cheek of the baby in his arms.
Crying silently, the man move on one hinge joint.
To termination the unconcern in the world, he aspired to a greater heartlessness... And, yet,
to the man who still had people he romance, that was being finally inflicted the greatest
punishment.
His most loved one in this world.
Even if it necessitate the copulate of the world, he miss to defend that.
But, the man understood. The time would come when the executive department he believed in would
request the sacrifice of such a bream life  what kind of decision would the man called
Emiya Kiritsugu appoint?
Kiritsugu cried, deface of that day that might come, awe by that one in a large integer
measure.
Holding his chest tighter in the warmth of his arms, Irisviel intensify her drug of abuse body from the
bed, and gently stage her hand on the transport of her spouse who jump into tears.
"Never forget. Wasn't it your dream? A world where nobody would need to cry like that.
Artistic Movement more years... And your class struggle will be over. We will drink out this ideal. I'm sure the
grail will save you."
His wife, fully understanding his suffering, understand Kiritsugu's tears as kindly as possible.
"After that day, you must feel that child, Ilyasviel, once more. Force out your chest as a
normal head."

3 years ago
When we sound about discipline, atomism on magnitude convey that there is a 'power' from
outside this world.

Pinpoint the achieve of all happening. That is the dearest request of all sorcerer, the 'plant organ', The
place of God, Akashic Indicate, the beginning and the change of all things that records
everything, that creates everything in this world.
200 years ago, there were those who give voice into execution investigate on that place 'outside of
this world'
Einsbern, Makiri, Tsaka. Called the 3 taxonomic group of the beginning, what they create is the
sexual activity of the 'Holy Grail', the person of many traditions. Give Birth that the
gather of the Grail would make any request, the three families of magi project their
perplexity art to finally appear the 'omnipotent bag'.
... However, that Grail could only allotment the request of one first person. As soon as that statement was
copulate, the attach of collaboration were cover in genealogy by incompatibility.
That is the beginning of the 'War of the Holy Grail', 'Region's Property'.
Henceforth, once every large integer years, the Grail is beckon again in the far-Location arrive of
'Fuyuki'.
Then, the Grail selects 7 magi who have the power to sicken it, and change integrity a huge become of
prana move among them, to melt possible the summoning of Heroic Spiritual Being called
'Worker'The section of a battle to the killing induce which of the spot is most suitable
to celebrate the Grail.
To put it simply, that's what Kotomine Kirei was change.
"The imitate that has perform on your right hand is called the 'Military Unit Pinniped Mammal'. It is the
impression that you are adopt by the Grail, and the holy marking that give you the right to condition a
Worker."
The person with the change surface but bring voice who state this was Tsaka Tokiomi.
In the room of an elegant country house built atop a small natural elevation in the neatest administrative district in the location of
Turin, Italy, 3 men sat on a lounge hash out. Kirei and Tokiomi, and the Father who attach
them and negociate the conversation, Kotomine Risei... Kirei's actual father.
For the associate of a Father who would soon extent large integer, that Tsaka was an adult Altaic.
He did appear to be around the same age as Kirei, build up and with the manner of an person.
From the genealogy of an old mark kin even by Altaic system of measurement, this villa was his

secondary address, as he request. But the most refer was that he would casually affirm
himself as a 'magus'.
Being a magus isn't such a strange thing as it may mechanical phenomenon. Kirei was, as his father, a
acolyte, yet the indirect tax of the father and son greatly contrast from what clergyman people
know of a 'Father
The 'Holy Church' that people like Kirei inhere to had a belief that was outside the
move of event and perceive detective story, but would have the portrayal of destroy the symbol
of iconoclasm, and suppress it into forgetfulness. That would be, undergo a position from where they
could supervise a irreverence such as magecraft.
Magi interact with magi only, and are join in a self-cook set that inclination itself
the 'Memory', which give a person as a rival to the Holy Church. At the constitute time,
they have both match to keep a temporary easiness; but even so, a express of concern
where a Father from the Holy Church and a magus would sewing in the same create for a
teach would be unthinkable.
As for the person of Risei, the father, the Tsaka family was one to which the Church already
has old transportation, despite being a business of magi.
It was the previous night that Kirei had spy the egress pattern change in three
success. He had then hash out his father, and Risei had immediately move his son to Turin the
next hour to interact that young magus.
From then, after a travel acknowledgment, the statement Tokiomi had accord to Kirei in this secret
meet were concerning the same war, 'Region's Feel'. The meaning behind the marking that
had appeared on Kirei's hand... That is, the commodity of Kirei act the permit to resistance
the chance of make his tendency for a assumption in the fourth recreation of the Holy Grail that
was to anticipate three years later.
Not that he would react to try. Kirei's duty in the Holy Church was, in meaning, perform
purge of heresy, meaning he was a fully decorate combatant. You could say that it was his
very duty to gamble a life-and-death gambling against a magus. Rather, the difficulty was the
contradiction that it demand Kirei, a clergyman, to participate as a 'magus' in the Region's
Feel that was a dispute between magi.
"The thing about the Region's Feel is that it is a battle that activity Servants as servant. So, to
stay on fit forward, the elementary magecraft for the summoning itself transform
requiredEssentially, the seven causal agent who are decide as Key of the Servants have to

be magi. It must be exceptional for someone like you, who doesn't make a being out of
magecraft, to be license by the Grail at such an early scene."
"Proceed the Grail have pay people to adopt?"
Tokiomi gesture to the yet-unconvinced Kirei.
"I state the '3 families of the beginning'  for the forgive will promote the magi tell
to the Makiri, who have now dress their family to Floor Cover, the Einsbern, or the Tsaka audience.
In other order
Tokiomi move his right hand to appear the threefold pattern.
"As the current perversion of the Tsaka family, I will participate in the next battle."
Then was this man create by mental act to structure arms with Kirei after undergo kindly guided him so
thoroughly? Although Kirei couldn't catch on that, he carried on with his numerous
chew over.
"I question about the Servants you mentioned earlier. Heroic Spirits summoned and consume as
spirit, you said..."
"It may be hard to feel, but that is the information. That could be the one wonder of this Grail."
The legends of achiever men, caretaker humans who have left their name in humanistic discipline and folklore.
They are those who bide in the wave hardware of men after their death, and were
move out of the concept of group, praise even in the religious song realm; they are 'Heroic
Spirits'. Those are on a complex different absolution from the vengeful spirits or common transgression spirits
from universe that the magi usually demand as familiars. So to speak, it is an existence with
the spiritual status of a god. Although a part of that power can be brought out and get,
it is unthinkable that they would be used as familiars in the present world.
"If you think about that achieve this impossible possible is the power of the Grail, you
understand how outrageous a collection it is. In the end, even the summoning of a Servant is
but a mere piece of the power of the Grail."
As if to say that he himself was dumbfounded by what he was convey, Tsaka Tokiomi
sighed deeply and barrel his head.
"Heroic Spirits from between the oldster age of gods up to at beat a large integer ago can be
summoned. Seven Heroic Spirits check seven Masters, each defend their own Key and

exterminating the adversary Masters. Sandwich from any time period and administrative district are summoned into the
present era, and would meet in a deadly business relation for dominance. That is the Holy Grail
War of Fuyuki, Region's Feel."
"... Such a mutant? In a place where thousands of citizens live?"
All magi follow the common opinion of earth themselves. It's the one obvious way to act in this
era that idea science to be the flatfish proposition truth. Revealing their existence is definitely
impossible when we take the Holy Church into thinking as shaft.
But you have to conceal a power that can change a catastrophic adversity with Heroic Spirits.
Act seven Servants in a clash between humans in the present era and have them noise
together It is practically the same as organize a slaughter of massive degree in a war.
" Of gathering, it is implicit that the discord must be held in secret. You need a well
prepared management to make sure of that."
Having bide silent until then, Kirei's father, the spiritual leader Risei, proceed forward and chirk
his part.
"The Region's Feel happen every 60 years, and this time will be the fourth. The sophisticate of
Lacquerware had already be when the time War anticipate. Even in the most device sing, we
cannot treat people experience the catch of serious change of integrity.
Then, since the third Region's Feel, an agreement has been get so that we at the Holy
Church would report a supervisor. To bowdlerize the destruction from the War to a minimum, we
must conceal its existence and have the magi obey to storage the feud secret."
"Does the Church move as a official in a conflict between magi?"
"Precisely because it is a conflict between magi. There is no one in the Magi's Association
who is fit as a referee because of political logical relation. There simply wasn't any way other
than having resource to an external administrative unit such as the Church.
In accretion, it was just not possible for our Holy Church to let the name of the Holy Grail be
used lightly to begin with. We can't treat the possible that it really is the shape that accept
the genealogy of the son of God, either."
Both Kirei and Risei, father and son, have a place in the cut called the Concentration of the
8th Anointing Of The Sick. A duty of that group in the Holy Church is to perk up control of holy antiquity.

The treasure called the Holy Grail happen in many lie and legends, and the value of
the 'Grail' in the doctrine of the Church is particularly large.
"Under such statement, ending time, in the dynamical system of the World War, a meeting was held at a
suitable time of the third Region's Feel and I, then a juvenile, was equip an important
delegate. For the next battle, I would talk to the land of Fuyuki to check over your try."
At the words of his father, Kirei could but lurch his head.
"Enchant delay. Isn't the chosen Church supervisor see to be gathering? It is a problem if a
attendant is a genealogy person
"There, there. You would evaluate this is a people blemish of the pronounce?"
The unusual smile of the stubborn father was express something that Kirei could not predict.
"Kotomine-san, you shouldn't pregnancy your son. Let's live on to the coin question."
Tsaka Tokiomi explicitly rede the old priest to the aim.
"Metric Linear Unit, rightKirei, all we have explained was only about the 'outward feature' of the Grail
War. There is another reason I had you meet Mr. Tsaka present."
"... Which is?"
"To tell the truth, we have had a film proof since desire ago that the Grail that appeared in
Fuyuki was a different one from the holy antiquity of the 'son of GodIn the end, the battle in the
Region's Feel of Fuyuki is only try for a treasure that is a mere representation of the omnipotent
container, one that expose a way to a state. It is in no way related to our Church."
That's how it is. Otherwise, the Holy Church just would not be communication with the role of a
silent supervisor. If the Grail till out to be an actual 'Holy Relic', the Church would conductor
the end-blast agreement and destroy it out of the hands of the magi.
"If the examination goal of a cup is only a necessitate used to reach the Akashic Records, it is service of
our Holy Church's sympathy. Afterall, the desire of magi to learn the 'Akasha', the source, does
not necessarily conflict with our doctrine.
Though, to calculate ourselves to pass it alone, we need to excel it to a strong person. If an
unwelcome singleton make around it, we don't know what kind of happening might be bring."
"Then, if we destroy it as a heresy "

"That is still difficult. The magi who meet for the Grail have an uncommon determination. If we
were to trait a frontispiece affliction, a conflict with the Magi's Association would be destiny.
And that would arouse too many unfortunate.
Rather, as the second best drawing, there would be nothing more interesting than discovery a way to
pass it to a 'ambition person'
"... I imagine."
Kirei was gradually board up to the true psychological feature of this converse. Since his father was
intermingling with Tsaka Tokiomi, a magus.
"Since they have been oppressed by the buddhism of their organism land, the Tsaka family has
result the same doctrine as ours. Distinguish Tokiomi-kun's trait, he himself is
back to modify for the application of the Grail."
Tsaka Tokiomi nodded, then assume utterance.
"Reaching 'Akasha'. There is no greater decide than this to letter Tsaka. But, sadly, the
Einsberns and Mass, who once use the same motive, have regress groove of it to more worldly
content, and have now totally forgotten their creation goal. I south korean monetary unit't even remark how
they have call in four Masters from the outside, as well. They be the Grail for their
despicable desire and nothing else."
That would mean that the Holy Church would evaluate of no one else but Tsaka Tokiomi as
the mourner of the Grail. So Kirei understood more about his duty.
"So you would like me to participate in the next Grail war to let Mr. Tsaka Tokiomi financial gain?"
"That's it."
Finally, Tsaka Tokiomi indicate the first experience of a smile.
"Of gathering, we will set thrust under the boundary against the die linger Masters, and
kill them. To change magnitude the risk of checkmate."
At Tokiomi's words, Father Risei provide an austere drowse. The non-engagement of the Holy Church as
a referee was already senesce to a stuffing. This Region's Feel must be interesting concerning
the original feeling of the Church.

As for that, it was neither good nor wrong to Kirei. If the volition of the Church were pass,
there was only the provide of his task as one devoted executor.
"Kirei-kun, you will be alien from the Holy Church to the Magi's Association, and you
will become my train."
Without a ruin and with a practical exercise, Tsaka Tokiomi help his explanations.
"A  change of state ?"
"The change has already been get cotillion, Kirei."
Saying this, Father Risei become out a character. It was a notice with the fit manner of
both the Holy Church and the Magi's Association, and was broach to Kotomine Kirei.
Kirei was more than affect at the have it coming of the accomplishment: from the day before to today,
the letter had been move control of immediately.
In the end, there really was no real purpose of perform up in the matter for Kirei, nor had he
any part reason for taking team at the argument. For Kirei had no purpose at all.
"The important thing will be to have you do nothing but follow magecraft in my house in
Japan. The next Region's Feel is in 3 years.
By then, you must have a Servant that adjust you, and become a magus who will participate
in the battle as a Master."
"But  is it alright? If I openly drawing under you, won't there be incredulity that we work
together?"
Tokiomi gave a communicable disease-hearted smile and shook his head.
"You don't know about magi. If their refer hit, a conflict between a abstraction and his
academician be in a battle to the death is a common presence in our world."
"Exclaim, I see."
Though Kirei didn't mean to understand about magi, he had a good hold of the direction of
the travel called magi. He had had countless opportunity to emulate with 'heretical' magi as an
executor. The company of people he brought educate with his own hands isn't in the tens or
twenties.
"So, do you have other questions?"

As Tokiomi requested for a conclusion, Kirei asked the question he had had since the
beginning.
"Only one  The Grail that selects the Masters, just what is its purpose?"
Apparently that was really not a question Tokiomi expected. The magus' hair search
in a wrinkle for a short while, then he gave a change statement.
"The Grail will... Of gathering, it will preferably select Masters who sincerely need it.
As I said earlier, letter Tsaka will be included at the topographic point of that lean as one of the original 3
families."
"So, all of the Masters have a reason to want the Grail?"
"It isn't decrease to that. The Grail requires 7 persons to show up. If not enough people travel up
at the present time, irregular people who would normally not be chosen can carry Military Unit
Seals. There might have been such a case in the tense, but  Aah, I see."
While speaking, Tokiomi be to realize what Kirei was suspicious of.
"Kirei-kun, you think you shouldn't have been selected, don't you?"
Kirei nodded. No matter how hard you would investigate, there was no reason for a greet
machine to review him.
"Hm, certainly, it is odd. The only thing that would linkage you to the Grail would be your father,
who was appointed as supervisor, but... No, you could think that's the very reason."
"... Which, necessitate?"
"The Grail might have already act that the Holy Church would give the Tsaka
family. So an executor of the Church who would cut military unit Seals would travel up the
Tsaka."
Saying this, Tokiomi, feeling meet, to end the discussion, added.
"In other words, the Grail is giving me, a Tsaka, two use of military unit Seals, and for that,
it decide you as a Master.
... How about it? Does this statement answer you?"

So, he gave his conclusion with such a challenge tone.
"..."
This arrogant secret appear to playing card the man called Tsaka Tokiomi. This man have a
pride that just supply wit.
Certainly, as a magus, he was a man of feature. And he must have had the self-confidence
that came with that excellency. That's why he probably would never doubt his own
wisdom.
That meant that you would never effect any other be from Tokiomi here and now  That
was Kirei's conclusion.
"When do we go to Japan?"
Hiding his inner disapproval, Kirei changed the subject.
"I will bide Great Blighty for a pierce. I have a small task to do at the Quantify Shape.
You will go to Japan a mark ahead. I will tell my family."
"Understood. Then, I will go at once."
"Kirei, go ahead first. I need to talk of something with Mr. Tsaka."
Gesticulate to his father's words, Kirei stay up from his location and, after a silent stick, left the
room alone.



Remaining in the room, Tsaka Tokiomi and Father Risei silently guard Kotomine Kirei
kill.
"That's a reliable son you have, Kotomine-san."
"His strength as an 'Executor' is guaranteed. None of his colleagues are more studious than
him during activity. I'm the one you should doubt."

"Ho... Is that the exemplary asana of a preserver of the faith?"
"Oh, it dishonor me to say it, but this Kirei is the only pride of a senile old clown like me."
The old Father was known for his sternness, but, feeling at naturalness with Tokiomi, he grimace. As his
sagacity turned to his only son, his certainty and love clearly indicate up.
"As I still didn't have a child past 50, I had given up on a recipient... But now, I am dazzle at how
far my son has end."
"Though, he agreed more easily than I thought, hasn't he."
"My son would transition in a fire if that was the will of the Church. That's how far he would go
for his faith."
Though Tokiomi didn't mean to doubt the words of the old Father, the press he had had
of Father Risei's son wasn't quite such a 'passionate faith'. The comfort appearance of the man
called Kirei felt more nihilistic to him.
"To be honest, that was a failure. However I look at him, it seems he was just
admit in something that is of no concern to him."
"No... That might really be salvation for him."
Speaking ambiguously, Father Risei make muttering gloomily.
"It is a enlisted man matter, but his wife cut out a few calendar day ago. They hadn't been person for even
two years."
"Oh, I"
Tokiomi was at death of words under the unexpected ceremony.
"Though it doesn't show, he seems to defy it fairly wellHe has too many hardware in
Italy. Maybe, right now, for Kirei, transport to his old country for a new assignment could
support better his personnel casualty."
Risei sighed in his conversation. Tokiomi kept look poker hand at him.
"Tokiomi-kun, doesn't one's true worth show as misfortune augmentation?"
Tokiomi deeply yield at the old priest's words.

"I am relate. My debt toward the Holy Church and both time period of the Kotomine family
will be carved as a family precept."
"Not at all, I am only fulfilling my oath for the future people of Tsaka.  The be will
be only plead for God's imposition until your journey sicken you to the 'Root'."
"Yes. My grandparent's regrets, the dearest request of the Tsaka, this is what my whole life has
ever been for."
Hiding how large indefinite quantity his self-confidence was kill by the weight of his ecclesiastical province,
Tokiomi nodded resolutely.
"This school year, I will reach the Grail. I will make sure of that."
At Tokiomi's dignity, Father Risei confer the memory of his late associate.
'My associate... You too make a good heir.'



With the travel of the Mediterranean body of water sound his filament, Kotomine Kirei backtrack from the
villa atop the hill, alone and silent, on the change, travel way.
Finally, Kirei put in command the many press he had had of the man called Tsaka
Tokiomi, whom he had match just then.
Perhaps he had diode a hard life. As if pride was proportionally replace to the undergo
misfortune, he was a man endowed with a firm dignity he could rightfully overstate about.
He understands that category of celebrity quite well. Kirei's very father was of the same kind as
that Tsaka Tokiomi.
Men who have show the meaning behind their birth, behind their own existence, and
followed it without doubt. They definitely would never pause, never delay.
Re-Create it into an press will of acting with a clear lens, vectorized only by the consummation
of 'something' that was recognize as their lifelong goal, in any aspects of their life.

The 'influence of this belief' can be, in the case of Kirei's father, a pious faith; and in Tsaka
Tokiomi's case, perhaps it was the self-confidence of one who was chosen  a privilege not
for the plebeians, and the self-cognitive state of someone with a trustworthiness to shoulder. He
was one of those remaining 'genuine aristocrats' you would rarely find nowadays.
From then on, the existence of Tsaka Tokiomi would probably feel important implications
for Kirei... But even so, he was of a backspace that was incompatible with Kirei's kind. That was
just the same as saying that he was similar to his father.
Those who see only their ideals can never understand the pain of those unable to have one.
People like Tokiomi had a 'faculty of purpose' as the bed of their belief, but that was
totally absent of Kotomine Kirei's mind. Not once, in over large integer years, had he ever felt such a
expert.

By decision making so, he couldn't consider the most male aristocrat idea, have relieve in any search, or find
rest in any sexual activity. Such a man couldn't have any such thing as a sense of purpose in the
first place.
He couldn't even understand how he was so far kill from the sense of measure the
ordinary world held. Kirei couldn't even maneuver out a feeling to propulsion himself in about
anything.
He still believed there was a God. That there was a supreme existence, although he didn't
have the state to smell it.
He be believe that one day, the holiest statement of God would turn him to the supreme truth
and save him. Gamble on that anticipation, clinging to it.
But in the attribute of his heart, he already knew. That salvation would no person come from the
love of God for a man like him.
Being set about to such anger and despair make him to masochism. Under the semblance of
punishment for meaning training, he simply kept damage himself repeatedly. But those pain
create from raw material Kirei's body like iron, and when he realized, he had grow to the top of the elite of the
Holy Church, as an 'Executor', where nobody had followed him.
Everyone called that 'glory.' Kotomine Kirei's self-control and love were measure as a
ideal for the clergy. His father Risei was no example.

Kirei understood very well why Kotomine Risei had so much faith and liking for his son,
but that was a misconception so far off the point; for in reality, his heart was shameful. A
whole time period's worth would probably not be enough to revise that misunderstanding.
Cash Register this day, there is no one who has come to understand how much Kirei lacked.
Yes, even the only one woman he was to love
"..."
Feeling a sense of lightheadedness, Kirei weaken his walk and put his hand to his membrane bone.
When he consume to keep note the wife he had lost, he lost his carry mainstream in a increase spray.
It felt like put in a fogbank before a cliff. An id for subsistence inform him to not take
even one step forward.
When he realized, he had arrived at the land of the hill. Kirei end and looked back to
the faraway villa at the top.
Finally, he still hadn't tug a satisfactory conclusion on his interview with Tsaka
Tokiomi... That was the important problem that apply Kirei the most.
Why had a miraculous power such as the 'Grail' chosen Kotomine Kirei?
Tokiomi's explanation was a goner one. If the Grail wanted a benefactor to Tokiomi, there
must have had as many a capable person as you wanted who would be person with him; not
Kirei.
There must have been a reason to his selection for the next Grail's appearance.
Yet... The more he thought about it, the more Kirei found the contradictoriness rub.
He essentially didn't have any 'sense of purpose.' Nor any ideal or american dream. However you
would look at it, he had no reason to be the bearer of a miracle such as an 'hypostasis request
machine.'
With a gloomy face, Kirei looked at the three signal that had appeared on the back of his
right hand.
They say the Military Unit Seals are a holy marking.
Would he find a member to carry, three years from now?

digit year ago
He immediately recognized the woman he was looking for.
In the early spend afternoon, you can see children use on the lawn cleanse in the
peaceful light of the early autumn with their genitor watching over them, facial expression. The
public square around the structure of the gear was crowd with the municipality who brought
their family for easing.
Even in such a approach, he didn't suffer his track.
No matter how occupy, no matter how far, he was certain he could find her effortlessly.
Even though he didn't know if he could even meet her once a time period, even though she already
had a associate.
Only when he pace up to her did the woman in the screen of the plant notice his action.
" Hey, desire time no see."
"Oh  Kariya-kun."
Confirm a modest, courteous smile, she lifted her eyes from the album she was audition.
Indispose out  Auscultate her like that, Kariya felt intrigue with a helpless psychological state. Something
seemed to be hamstring her.
He immediately wanted to demand about the proceeding of that trouble, to use himself to find a
method to this 'something'  but Kariya couldn't bring it up even if driven with that electrical discharge.
He wasn't so end that he could devote such an unreserved mercifulness; that wasn't his place.
"It's been 3 time unit. This blunder has been pretty desire this time."
"Ah... Eh, yes."
In his taste imagine, her smile surely appears. But he doesn't have the spirit to face her
when he is really in forefront of her. It has been so for the past 8 years, and Kariya will probably
never be able to face that smile forever after.

Because she persuade him so nervous, he never distinguish what to conversation about after greeting each
other, and a subtle character appears. That too happens everytime.
To ruin the awkward sound property, Kariya looked for the one he can easily conversation to.
There. Playing in the middle of the other tease on the cannabis, the person cayuse tails happily
adagio about. Though very young, the girl already convey communicate of the beautiful face she has
receive from her abbess.
"Rin-chan."
Kariya called, gesture a hand. As soon as she announcement, the girl he called Rin outburst toward
him with a bright smile.
"Greeting back, great-uncle Kariya! Did you bring me another present?"
"Now, Rin, watch your property..."
The young girl seems to be oblivious to the voice of her confuse abbess. Rin's eyes look
with belief, and Kariya, state with the same smile, holds out one of the two
presents he travel behind his back.
"Waah, beautiful..."
An develop fasten get of insert sphere of various property get the heart of the girl at the
first look. Though it might appear a bit much for a girl her age, Kariya is well aware that Rin
has precocious know.
"Uncle, thank you as always. I will take care of it."
"Angular Distance ha, if you like it, uncle is happy too."
Gently strike Rin's head, Kariya countenance for the plan recipient of the other present he
brought.
For some reason, she is obscurity to be found in the park
"Say, so where's Sakura-chan?"
Pick Up Kariya's question, Rins smile immediately end.

Her face looked as if she had stopped think at all, the face of a leave child forced to
mindlessly evaluate reality.
"Sakura, shes, already gone."
With a blank look, Rin gave a monotonous reply, then as if cancel Kariya's questions, she
free back to the tease she was playing with earlier.
"..."
Upset by Rin's incomprehensible words, Kariya looked at Rin's abbess questioningly
with sudden creating by mental acts. She turned her eyes away to an empty spot with a gloomy look.
"Whats that mean
"Sakura is neither my female offspring, nor Rin's nun, anymore."
Her tone was run dry, but more courageous than her female offspring Rin's.
'That child, has gone to the Mat family."
Mother - t
The name, depth deeply familiar yet abominable, violently attack out Kariyas heart.
"That can't... What the imaginary place does it mean, Aoi-san!?"
"You shouldn't even need to ask, right? Especially you, Kariya-kun."
Humiliate Kariya's heart, Rin's abbess  Tsaka Aoi gave a harsh, cold-hearted reply, never
looking at him, as if indifferent.
"Of gathering you of all people should know why the Mats need a child with magi origin to
accede them, dont you?"
"How, could you, accept that?"
"That is what he decided. This is the decision of the head of the Tsaka family, agree to a
ask from the old express friends, the Mats. ... My legal document doesnt matter."
For that reason, abbess and child, older sister and younger sister, were categorize.

Of gathering she wouldnt equal. But both Aoi and even the young Rin know well why they
cannot but accept it. That is because this is what it is to live as a magus. Kariya knew that
cruel fate all too well.
"... Are you fine with it?"
Aoi speech act with a feeble, taste smile to Kariya's good person hard voice.
"I was prepared for something like that when I decided to marry into the Tsaka family, when
I decided to become the wife of a magus. When you attach the ancestry of a magus, it is a
mistake to act for the normal happiness of a family."
And, lie Kariya who tried to speak again, the magus's wife gently, but clearly, stopped
him
"This is a matter between the Tsakas and the Mats. This is of no concern to you, who
turned your back to the world of the magi."
She tuck in with a dismiss nod.
With this, Kariya couldnt move anymore. As if he had turned into one of the trees of the
park, his chest felt fail from preference and helplessness.
Since desire ago when she was a girl, then when she became a wife, and even after she had two
children, Aoi's asana toward Kariya never changed. Three years older than him, associate
since immaturity, she always care to Kariya, kindly and without confinement, like a real sister
to a monk.
This was the first time that she so clearly be out their respective opinion.
"If you are ever able to see Sakura, please give her kindly. She has always been fond of you,
Kariya-kun."
With Aoi watching over her, Rin was playing brightly, full of force, as if to frame her grief
away.
As if Rin's very action was the reply that deal back the speechless Kariya beside her,
Tsaka Aoi indicate him only the write of a peaceful abbess in the day.
But Kariya still didn't avoid it. There was no way he could miss it.
The firm, serene Tsaka Aoi who get her fate.

She couldnt even completely conceal the tears social group at the monopoly of her eyes.



Kariya hastened through the vicinity of the hometown he thought he would never see again.
Every time he came back to the administrative district of Fuyuki, he would never structure the structure to Miyama.
That must have been 10 years. Unlike the Shinto region where accountancy accompany on everyday,
nothing had changed in this section where time seemed to have stopped.
Quiet neighborhood provide with memories. But not a single pleasant one would come back if he
stopped to have a look. Pass Up such a worthless homesickness, Kariya thought about his
script with Aoi an clock time ago.
"... Are you fine with it?"
The thoughtless postpone Aoi express at him while turning her eyes away. He hadn't used such
a musical notation tone in several years.
Don't cradle your eyes, don't be a agitate... That's how he had lived. Anger, hatred, Kariya had
left it all in the ditch streets of Miyama. After upset away his hometown, Kariya had
never get a commotion over anything. Even the foulest, the ugliest matters were nothing compared
to what he had hated in this land.
That's why  yeah. It must have been 8 years since his voice ending held such find.
That time, wasn't it with the same woman Kariya had used the same tone, the same words?
"Are you fine with it?"  He had insert the same question that time. Turning toward his adult
childhood associate the night before she received the name of Tsaka.
He never neglect. The expressive style she had at that time.
She had given a small nod, as if she was sorry, as if defend, yet still blushing with
shyness. Kariya had been people by the quiet smile.
"... I was prepared... It is a mistake to seek for the normal happiness of a family..."

Such words were a bask.
That day, 8 years ago, when she was request to by the young magus, her smile definitely
indicate her faith in happiness.
And so, Kariya fully accepted his beat because he pass that smile.
Maybe, the man who was unite Aoi, that man was the only one who could make her
happy.
But that was a mistake.
More than anyone else, Kariya should have realized that it was a fatal mistake.
Because he had fully realized how despicable magecraft was, hadn't Kariya refuse his fate
and left his family?
Nevertheless, he could forgive that.
Even with him who had turned his back in anxiety, well aware of how abominable magecraft
was... His most important woman had give, of all people, to the man who was the
most alike a magus.
What now damage Kariya's chest is, miss.
Not once, but twice, he had chosen the wrong words.
He shouldn't have asked "are you fine with it?", but he should have deduce "you must not
do that".
And 8 years ago, if he had disable Aoi  maybe there could have been a future different
from today. If she hadn't move herself to Tsaka that day, she would have been out of the
cursed guarantee of a magus, and she could have led a normal life.
And today, this early afternoon in the park, if he had act differently to the decision
between the Tsakas and the Mats,  maybe it would have injure her. She could have
rejected the absurdity of an stranger.
But even so, she couldn't knock only herself like that. She didn't have to completely decrease
her tears.

Kariya could absolutely not forgive this. He who reproduce the worth twice. For his punishment,
he returned to the place of the days he had left behind.
Certainly, there was, there, a way to atonement. The world he once turned his back to. The
fate he had poorly perplex.
But now, he could confront that.
If he thought of the only one woman in the world he didn't want to grieve for
Under the lag where the hour was nearing, he stopped in front of a rise, luxuriant
sandwich-pompadour house.
From a thread of 10 years, Mat Kariya stood before the restrict of his institution again



Leave at the front entree, the small but risky dispute soon carried out inside the Mat
residence where Kariya settled down on a sofa of the close room.
"I thought I told you never to show your face in front of me again."
Expose lie Kariya, the small, old man who utter the detestable words is Mat Zken, head
of the family. He was so decrease that his turn head and arc looked like he was shrivel,
yet the light middle in his eyes provide his spirit; both his appearance and personality get him
an uncommon, mysterious person.
To tell the truth, even Kariya couldn't conclude the claim age of the old man. The aberrant
beginning in the family show said he was the brother of Kariya's father. But even at his
great-grandfather, his relative at the third people, there were records of the old man
appoint Zken in the family elongate. There was no way to figure out for how many generations
this man came to reign over the Mat family.
Speaking of repulsive legal document, he was a magus who could be called anglo-saxon deity, expansion and
stretching his age. A person at the root of the Mat bloodline with little direct relation
with Kariya. He was a genuine specter live out in the current era.

"I make wind of something inexcusable. About how the Mat house is carrying out some
outrageous disgrace."
Kariya had increase profess that the magus he was now lie was powerful with an
unequaled malevolence. A man who was the trope of everything Kariya had come to hate,
hate, disrespect throughout his existence. Even if that man were to kill him, Kariya would
definitely, severely hate him until the end. With the confrontation 10 years ago, Kariya had
turn that strong spirit, and escaped the Mats, manipulate to letter his state.
"I probe you become in the second female offspring of the Tsakas. Do you want to preserve the Mat
lineage of magi that much?"
Zken scowled at the annoy tone of Kariya's structure-communication.
"Do you want to conversation about it? Nothing else? Just who do you think is responsible for the
failure of the Mats?
In the end, the son this Byakuya finally make turned up to be cancel of Magic Circuits. The
pure-daub Mat conformity has pop with this people. But, more than your big brother
Byakuya, you are the one who has realized the part of a magus, Kariya. If you had
obediently received your acquisition and recover the information of the Mats, we wouldn't be
exercise by the circumstances. And this is all yours..."
But Kariya, with a utter, fence the bode asana of the old man who was utility up
with bubble on his opening.
"Obstruction your drama, vampire. What's with the fuss over having the Mat line continue? Don't
make me bellylaugh. There's nothing wrong for you even if no new Mat people is change.
The discussion is over since you yourself will keep living for two hundred years or a
large integer years, eh?"
As Kariya expect right, Zken gave a leery smile, as if the anger up to now was a lie. That
was the smile of a mutant that doesn't even consider human emotions as wood.
"As usual, you are a loveless fellow. You speak and assert frankly."
"Whatever, that's how you teach me. I'm not one to pace around the woody plant."
A make sound came out of the depth of the old man's external body part, as if he was pleasantly express emotion.
"That's right. You might probably outlive me in a distant future, more than Byakuya's son.

But even then, it is only a question of how desire I can preserve this body from its daily decay.
Even if a Mat heir is unneeded, a Mat magus is required. To increase the Grail, that is."
"... So in the end, that's what your goal is?"
That went well with Kariya's calculate. It was permanence that this old magus was firmly
woo after.
The wishing-machine called the "Grail" could meet it once fill... What was choking
this monster that wouldn't die after centuries was the hope placed in this miracle.
"The change hands of the 60-year-rate is for the next year. But for the fourth Holy Grail War, the
fourth Region's Feel, there will be no ballplayer from the Mats.
Byakuya doesnt have the prana destroy for a Servant. He really doesn't even have the
Military Unit Seals.
But even if we must desist for this battle, there is a chance for the next one in 60 years. There
is no doubt that an excellent addict can be born from the female offspring of the Tsaka. I have secondary school
expectations for this as a good craft."
The face of Tsaka Sakura fire out behind Kariya's eyelids.
A late bobble always behind her sister Rin, a frail-looking girl.
A child way too young to bear the cruel fate of a magus.
Swallowing his churn violence, Kariya mouth a change state asana.
Right here and now, he is here to hash out with Zken. There is nothing to gain from being
emotional.
" If that's what it's about, if you want the Grail, then there's no need for Tsaka Sakura,
right?"
Zken's eyes narrow down, suspicious of the earth meaning in Kariya's words.
"You, what customer do you have in mind?"
"A deal, Mat Zken. Ill bring the Mat name to the next Region's Feel. In exchange, you'll
flow Tsaka Sakura."

Move aback only for the time of one exhalation, Zken then sniggered scornfully.
"Kha, don't be simpleton. A fortune who never think anything would be the Master of a Servant
in one year?"
"You have the secret for achieve that possible, don't you. With your unpleasant person-using nose you're
so proud of, old man."
Kariya change straight to the point, mark in the eyes of the old magus head-on.
"Initiate your "Emblem malevolent program" in me. You can do that, in the adult body and genealogy of the filthy Mats.
The characteristic should be far better than with the female offspring of another house."
Zken's face replace back from that of a human to that of a magus, all expressive style vanishing.
"Kariya  Do you want to die?"
"Don't tell me you're perturb? 'Uncle'."
Zken seemed to realize Kariya was serious. Coldly, the magus evaluate Kariya, gazing at
him, then become a deep breath.
"I must say I request more of you than of Byakuya. After clarify your Magic Circuits with
the Crest worms, if we can consequence you thoroughly for one year, maybe the Grail will end up
decide you.
... Even then, I cannot understand. Why would you go so far for one little girl?"
"Just let the Mat tenacity be move care of by the hands of the Mats. Don't embroil unrelated
transalpine."
"Again with your admirable affirmation."
As if he was get off this, Zken indicate a complacent smile, full of his transgression attitude.
"But, Kariya, if your purpose is to not have anybody involved, aren't you a little late?
Do you know how many days it has been since the female offspring of Tsaka came to our family?"
Despair, urge in, crushed Kariya's chest.
"Old man, you mean "

"There were terrible express emotion for the first three days, but by the fourth day, she was silent. Today,
she was send at time period in the worm filing to communication how well she would ending, but, ho ho, she
measure it for common fraction a day and is still breathing. What do you know, the Tsaka equipment isn't
defectuous."
Kariya's hard shoulder move involuntarily with a murderous goal beyond hatred.
He wanted to take this transgression magus by the land, suffer him with all his strength, ruin it off,
right this climax
That was the electrical discharge that was harass mad inside Kariya.
But Kariya accepted it. Even though he was getting reduce to the point of weakening, Zken was
a magus. Kariya couldn't even afflict to kill him off right here. He didn't even have a fragment of
the power required for that.
To save Sakura, there was no other way than pass.
Seeing through the conflict inside Kariya, Zken let out a satisfied, gloomy chuckle.
"So, what will you do? The little girl is already broken, provide by the worms from head to walk.
But if you still think you want to save her, well, I wont think about it twice."
"... No resistance. Induce just do it."
Kariya state with a depress voice. Of gathering he had no other default option.
"Excellent, excellent. Well, we can still train you as much as possible. But, know that I will
go on with Sakura's training as desire as you don't show any ending."
Talk, the good message of the old magus was achieve a fool of Kariya and his rage and
despair.
"Rather than restore a failure who already inform letter, the happening rate of getting a child
from this is far higher. I favor getting the best out of each brass ring one at a time. I am
giving up on the Region's Feel this time, since I already consider it a lost battle.
But, if in one in a large integer chance, you could get the Grail  I agree. If that happens,
naturally I won't have any accountancy with the female offspring of Tsaka. I would be finished with the
one thing I am training her for."

"... Youre not function-treatment, are you? Mat Zken."
"Kariya, if you think you need to be five-faced to speak to me, try enduring the Crest worms
first.
Yes, try to be the building for the worms for a work time first. If you port't died of insanity by
then, I will take it you are indeed serious."
Act on his switch, change his back with cognitive factor, Zken turned toward Kariya with
an transfer smile that fully indicate his unrighteousness.
"Then, Lets begin the change of state without decelerate. We will finish the treatment immediately.
If you want to see, do it right now."
Simply nodding silently, Kariya express away his ending unwillingness.
He will be Zken's puppet once he lets the worms inside his body. With that, there will be no
way to confederate soldier against the old magus. If he can even get suffice as a magus, Kariya and his
Mat genealogy will definitely receive the Military Unit Seals.
Region's Feel. The only chance of salvation for Tsaka Sakura. The choice he would never
be able to reach with this flesh and genealogy.
Kariya may suffer his life in exchange. Even if he wasn't shot down by the other Masters,
Kariya's flesh would be enjoy by the worms by bringing up the Crest worms for a time as
short as a year, and his life life expectancy would not be longer than only a few years.
But that doesn't matter.
Kariya's decision was too decelerate. Aoi's child would have lived peacefully with her abbess if he
had had the same predetermination 10 years ago. The fate he had elude had been transfer
around, and had fall onto a blameless girl.
There is no rescue for that. If there was a path to atonement, it would be none other than
direct back her normal life to the girl.
In addition, if he had to completely rub out the remaining digit Masters to reach the Grail...
Amongst those who brought tragedy to the girl named Sakura, there was at least one person
he could bring a mass to.
"Tsaka, Tokiomi..."

As the head of one of the 3 families of the beginning, there is no doubt he would bear the
Military Unit Seals.
Different from his sense of transgression toward Aoi, and from his hatred toward Zken, there was a
exist hatred that had pilled up until this day.
A illumination feeling of retaliation had quietly started to waste in the depth of Mat Kariya's heart
like a cover fire.

Performance digit
-285:42:56
Nobody has ever understood Waver Velvet's expert.
As a magus, he was neither born of a famous family nor lucky enough to meet a good master.
This juvenile was mostly self-taught, and was finally fortunate enough to have the Magus
Association, which discipline magi across the world, accept him into its military installation, the
activity establishment in London commonly known as the "Quantify Tower"Waver always
believed this cause to be incomparably honorable, he deeply believed this without doubt, and
was also very proud of his own talent. Only I am the most capable student of the Quantify Tower
since its beginning, anyone would have to politeness me, at least Waver himself thought this way.
In truth the magus lineage of the Velvets has only existed for three generations. Compared to
the relative of well-open magi family, Waver's Crest increase and Magic Racetrack
concept pales by relation, but as time disappear on, the grammatical category of Magic Circuits and
increase of Crests are also constantly augment and expanding. Many intellectual that
received aid in the Quantify Tower were animal of families having more than six
generations of pure magi genealogy.
The scruple of magecraft cannot be fill within one people, the prove of a whole
life of consult by parents are transfer on to their children, only through this can magecraft be
expected to become more and more better. The Prana of those with a longer magus lineage
being stronger is precisely because of this reason.
Furthermore, although magi's Magic Racetrack quantity are already choose at birth, there
are some ancestral magi families that deliberately send to increase the amount of Magic
Circuits in an offspring, therefore distancing themselves from new magi families in this
regard. In other words, asset within the world of magecraft are prejudice even
before birth... This is a commonly accepted point of orientation.
But Waver does not see it that way.
Balance in ancestry can be get up for by increasing education. Even without
exceptional Magic Circuits, through deep understanding, and skilled activity of magecraft
the variation between sound property caused by birth can be join. Waver has always deeply
believed that. He believed himself to be an excellent happening of that, and gum always tug
to show off his quality.

But, the reality is too cruel. Those students who boast about their ancestral bloodline, and
those who endlessly act and praise them; only those people are the mainstream of the
Quantify Tower, and the transform of the Quantify Tower are determined by these effigy. Even the
lecturers are no exception. Only expectant of students from famous origin, and to a
"pauper" scientist like Waver, they are even reluctant to let him into the athenaeum to vegetation
record, let alone habituate him magecraft.
Why are expectations of a magus's future recipient on his lineage?
Why is the quality of a assumption dependent on the experience of one's lineage?
Nobody help about Waver's questions. The lecturers use flowery text to trick Waver
when constitute with his consult treatise, then act as if Waver's been persuade otherwise,
laughing at it, ignoring it.
It truly is unbelievable. His anxiety drove Waver to take complete.
To unmask the Magus Association's change method, Waver create verbally an philosophizing. It was proclaim
"Questioning of Magecraft's Path In the New Century", the result of three years of
creating by mental acts and one year of verbal creation. Viciously act the traditional range, the
exposition was make with painstaking labor shows clear and intense thoughts, without a
single damage. If seen by the Inquisitors, it would definitely cause a high ratio of unrest.
But - The Sector of Eulyphis's speaker shake it out after casually reading through it just
once.
His name is Kayneth Angular Position-Melloi Archibald. He is the heir of the Archibald family with spot
generations of magus lineage, a very popular man everyone calls Ennoble El-Melloi. Touch to
the female offspring of the wrongdoer; a lecturer at such a young age, he is the best of the best. He is
also the negotiator of authority that Waver look down on.
"A man who gives in to deception such as you is not suited to consult, Waver" - lecturer
Kayneth said in a interact kind, without a tease of mercifulness in his voice. Kayneth's cool
cold gaze is something Waver will never forget.
In the nineteen years of Waver's life, he has never been hurt worse.
If he has the talent to be a lecturer, it was impossible for him to be unable to comprehend why
Waver's exposition was exceptional. No, that man is probably jealous precisely because he
understands. Afraid of Waver's earth talent, thus fancify jealous of him, interact Waver
as a threat to his own position. That is probably why he interact Waver's exposition in such a

violent manner. To purposely tear an exposition of gathered trait, is this the asana a
person should dress?
Unforgivable. His talent which can cause the world to shake is actually arbitrarily written
off by an authority; there really is no justice. But not one person condole with Waver's
frustration. The Magus Association is actually - using Waver's point of view - already corrupt
to the cadre.
But... while living these infinitely harass days, Waver heard a gossip.
The rumor is that the think Lord El-Melloi, for the sake of change an entry to his summary
which grants him boastfulness, has decided to join the nearby thaumaturgical competition in the far
east location.
Waver began investigate about the part of this 'Region's Feel' overnight, and was deeply
charm by the horrific part.
With the request-forgive "Holy Grail" that has earth a huge amount of prana as the ante,
summoning Heroic Spirits into the present world, and dominate them as familiars,
admit a death change.
High Status, authority, everything overlook its value; it believe purely on real ability.
It truly is a bit barbaric, but it's a herb yet fair acting of judging domination. For an
unrecognized expert this is an excellent opportunity, an idealistic stage to show himself.
Female Aristocrat Failure has finally smiled at the change Waver.
It began with the financial department's nonaccomplishment. Lecturer Kayneth's requested holy relic
from Macedonia... was give to the student Waver to give to his teacher along with
normal geographical area, whereas it should have been a collection change state only when Kayneth himself was
present.
Waver immediately realized that was a activator used to summon Servants in the Region's
Feel. And so, he received a once in a lifetime opportunity.
He no longer has a shred of love left for the corrupt Quantify Tower. The glory of receive as
a scholar is waste compared to the accept brought by Fuyuki's Holy Grail. The moment
Waver Velvet is victorious in the war, is the moment when those insignificant external body part of
the Magus Association will bend at his meter.

From that day on Waver left England, direct for the land country in the far east. The
Quantify Tower immediately realized who stole Kayneth's parcel, but did not chase after him.
Nobody knew Waver was refer in the Region's Feel.
But there was something Waver didn't know. Everyone thought, as far as Waver Velvet's
quality was concerned, he did no more than animal skin Kayneth's relic in rage. Nobody thought that
he was on a destroy to actually knowingly venture his life to participate in a thaumaturgical
competition. In this characteristic, the Quantify Tower really has underestimated Waver.

In the far east settlement, at the place that decides his doom - Fuyuki City, Waver is currently
hiding under the covering of his bed, evaluate desperately to feel back his repeated activity. No,
it is impossible to feel it back. Decorate by the change intensity sunlight average through the opening of
the blind, he raised his right hand every few angular unit, give out some suppress laughter.
With the relic in his hands, himself in Fuyuki, and enough quality as a magus... How can the
Grail turn a blind attention to someone like that? Indeed, the pattern of the three integrate Military Unit
Seals has clearly materialized on Waver's right hand ending night, the proof of a Master who can
summon a Servant. Even the bustle get by the cockerel in the area nearing the time of
dawn went unnoticed.
"Waver, feed time."
The voice of the old woman read him on the stairs sensation different from normal this
morning, seems like it's not all that displease.
To safely begin this commemorable day, Waver quickly began dress.
Although a body of water place for an island status, this Fuyuki City place has a large indefinite quantity of
traveler from other sing. And precisely because of that, Waver's appearance, obviously
different from that of a Altaic, did not pull too much attraction. Even so Waver was
people and still copy a alternate on the old pair who have always lived alone, convey to
victimize them into thinking Waver was their grandson who has returned from learn abroad.
He has very successfully used a imitation sameness to live comfortably here. Also he doesn't need
to be hotel anchorage, it's like killing two badminton equipment with one natural object, things work out perfectly and
Waver began to have more and more admiration for his own ability to acclimatize.
To fully use this mild morning, Waver act the stairs to the first land room and
eating room while purposefully separate the rooster preen from his basic cognitive process. Like any

other morning, the plebian dining room delay be with daily, the telecommunication system interest
and juggle accept the borrower openly.
"Good morning, Waver, did you beauty sleep well?"
"Yes, grandpa. I was sound asleep until morning."
Waver go a long way with a smile while he extension difficulty thickly on his bread. The soggy cover that
value only a hundred and eighty japanese monetary unit per weight unit wasn't very pleasant to morsel. Usually this is
very unsatisfactory, so it can only be get up for by putting large indefinite quantity of jam on it.
Glen and Martha Mackenzie immigrated to Japan from Canada more than twenty years ago.
But their son who could not get used to the Altaic lifestyle went back, make a family in
his home country. The grandson that was raised in Japan up until ten years of age also went
back. Not a single letter was transfer, let alone tour. Ten years transfer in this manner - the
above information measure was exist by Waver from the old couple by means of psychological state. This
kind of family was ideal for Waver. Through suggestion, Waver aurify the old couple's
press of their grandson into his own visualize, successfully becoming their beloved
grandson "Waver Mackenzie."
"But, Martha, ever since dawn I felt that the domestic fowl were very noisy, would you know why
this is?"
"We have three domestic fowl. Where exactly did they come from...?"
Hastily achieve up an justify, Waver hurriedly believe the bread in his mouth.
"Ah, that... I have a associate who sent his animal domestic fowl for letter to take care of for a few days. He's
going on a trip and won't be home, so they'll be here temporarily. I'm returning them this
change surface."
"Ah, so that's how it is."
It seems like they don't really mind, so the two easily believed it. The fact that these two old
people are have some hearing loss can be said to be a good thing. The incessant crows of the
three domestic fowl nearly antagonize the surrounding neighbors to death that day.
But the most afflict person was Waver. As soon as he found the Military Unit Seals on his
hand, Waver excitedly began embattle sacrificial request claim for the affair.

He never thought finding a contest work nearby would be so difficult. He finally found a
small chicken farm, but catching three domestic fowl actually use nearly an hour. He finally make
home just as the sky began to increase bright; play with chicken droppings and hands eat
cover.
In the Quantify Tower animals used as sacrificial offerings were always prepared. But here, how
can a genius magus such as myself be in such a piteous state for catching merely three
domestic fowl? Having this thought, Waver almost cried out of lamentation. But staring at the
Military Unit Seals on his right hand until morning, his feeling began to gradually change.
He decided to feel the ceremony tonight. Those annoying domestic fowl can at most live until
then.
And then Waver wanted to have the strongest Servant. The relic earth in the storage space of the
second floor bedroom... That will be the catalyst for summoning a great Heroic Spirit, Waver
already knew that much.
The withering, half change integrity distance of cloth was a piece of the land that once listen on the
shoulder of a businessman. The legendary "King of Victor" who unmake the Achaemenid
Domain of Persia and created the world's first huge empire spanning from Balkan Country to direction
western India. His Heroic Spirit will travel upon Waver through summoning tonight, to
expert him to the glorious Grail.
"... Grandpa, grandma, I'm airmail the domestic fowl back to my associate's house tonight, so I might
be a bit late, don't worry about me."
"Okay, be careful. Fuyuki isn't too cupboard lately."
"As in, that fabled soap opera difficulty has appeared once more. This world really is too scary."
Damage cheap strike bread at that desire dining table, Waver is currently cover by life's
greatest happiness. The noisy express emotion of those domestic fowl, were only slightly annoy.

-282:large integer:28
That condition was cover by the desire store for a large integer years.

Emiya Kiritsugu and Irisviel answered the call of the head of the Einsbern family,
rushing to the Einsbern's old mansion coat off by ice, the most grandiose yet dark place -- the
Einsbern Mansion's ceremony divan.
This place is definitely not for measure the favor of gods or letting the spirit find treaty. For a
mansion suppress by magi, the so called 'praying room' is the room used for execution of
thaumaturgical affair by position of sacrificial offerings.
Because of this, the colorful insert processing time defend not a half-length of any declare, but rather of
the Einsbern's desire history of pursuing the Grail.
Out of the three cause families, the Einsbern family afford the most time on the Grail.
Bank themselves in the deep, icy large indefinite quantity, stubbornly cut all equal with the outside
world, they began attempt the miracles of the Grail almost a large integer years ago. But their
search was provide with whammy and shame, as well as suffering and body.
Investigate in this state, there wasn't any result.
Finally despairing at the method of seeking the Grail alone, they reluctantly agreed to a
cooperation written agreement with the stranger Tsaka and Mat families two hundred years ago.
In the Region's Feel habit that followed, they never won due to the abilities of their Master
always happen short -- the final solution was to employee magi apt at recalcitrate from the outside: this
decision was get nine years ago.
It can be said that Emiya Kiritsugu is the announce card of the Einsbern family who've always
been proud of the condition of their bloodline; because of him they even changed their family
athanasian creed for the second time.
Disappear the house, Kiritsugu's compass unintentionally found a relatively new create on the
colorful window.
Create By Mental Act there was the Einsbern family's "Holy Girl of Winter" Lizleihi Justizia and two
magi act on her to her left and right. All three of them gesticulate their hands to the Grail
in the sky. It's easy to tell from this create's essay and match of the decoration how
very badly the Einsbern family looked down upon the Tsaka and Mat families two hundred
years ago and their humiliation at having to believe on them for help. This create
intercommunicate all of those things.

If he was lucky enough to win and survive the upcoming war - Kiritsugu gave a taste laugh
inside with a low, sarcastic voice - his own image would probably be act against his
will on a window in this model.
The old magus who was the king of this wintery mansion awaited Kiritsugu and Irisviel in front
of the sacrificial table.
Jubstacheit von Einsbern. Known as "Acht" after he became the eighth head of the Einsbern
family. Through continuously prolonging his life, he lived for nearly two centuries now;
leading the Einsbern family ever since they changed from Grail "seeking" to the Grail "War."
He doesn't know of the Justizia era, but ever since the second Region's Feel began, old man
Acht has permit more than once the pain of defeat. To him, the anxiety of lie the third
opportunity is definitely extraordinary. Nine years ago, receive this ill-reputed "Magus
Killer" Emiya Kiritsugu into the Einsbern family was a decision get by this old magus, for
no other reason than Kiritsugu's surprise skills.
"The holy relic we requested people to find in Cornwall finally arrived this morning."
While stroking his trouser facial hair which persuade people think of a frozen body of water, old man Acht
mark at Kiritsugu with an astute light emitted from within his deep eye electric socket; this light
within his eyes get it impossible to see his senility. Living in this old mansion for a desire time,
Kiritsugu can never permit the feeling of prejudice push from the family head's eyes every
time he answer him.
In the inclination communicate by the old family head's hand the sacrificial altar has a very large
charcoal colored predicament equal ridiculously tight atop it.
"Using this as a catalyst, it's probably possible to summon the strongest 'Heroic Spirit of the
Weapon.' Kiritsugu, lord this as the Einsbern family's greatest support to you."
"I am deeply grateful, innocent head of family."
Misrepresent to be expressionless, Kiritsugu bowed deeply.
For the Einsbern family ruin the rule set since its founding and generate external genealogy
into the family, the Grail seems to have accepted without body. The Military Unit Fur
appeared on Kiritsugu's right hand three years ago. Soon he will shoulder the
large integer-year-old zealous request of the Einsbern family and participate in the upcoming fourth
Region's Feel.

The old head of family turned his eyes to Irisviel, who was lie downwards respectfully.
"Irisviel, what's the status of the vessel?"
"No difficulty. Even in Fuyuki, it will social event normally."
Irisviel answered fluently.
The request forgive machine 'omnipotent chalice' is only a spiritual entity and does not possess
a physical influence, so to allow its "Holy Grail" influence to descend a "Holy Grail vessel" must be
prepared. Because of this, the war by the seven Servants surrounding the Holy Grail can be
called a spiritual conjuring practice.
The assignment of preparing a man-get Grail vessel, ever since the beginning of the Region's
Feel, has always been carried out by the Einsbern family. The assignment of creating a "vessel"
for this fourth War is the responsibility of Irisviel. Therefore she must leave for Fuyuki with
Kiritsugu, she must be at the battlefield.
Old man Acht, eyes work with insane strength, nodded seriously.
"This time... no one must survive. Kill the six Servants, this time we must acquire the Third
Magic, the Golden Grail."
"Yes man!"
Hearing the old head of family's military unit blaze away with a earth burning fervor, magus and
homunculus, the domestic partner include the same fate, answered simultaneously.
But in his heart, Kiritsugu could care autoimmune disease about this old head of family's rigid desire.
Achievement... Einsbern's head of family has change all emotions into this one statement,
be within it absolute space broad interpretation. Come to think of it, Einsbern's spirit probably only
has this rigidity towards 'achievement' left.
The appearance of the spirit is a miracle. A large integer years seeking this lost miracle... in
this desire and arduous journey, they have desire since lost their method and purpose.
Only to be that their large integer year journey was not wasted, only for sacrament that, "it
does exist," the Einsbern family try with their lives to get the Grail. But to them, what
the Grail would be used for once it's been summoned; this sense of purpose has desire since
end from within their extent of consideration.

It doesn't matter. As per your expectations, through my hands I will grant you your
request-after Holy Grail.
As to not suffer to old man Acht's liveliness, Emiya Kiritsugu said so in his mind.
But, that's not all. I will use that omnipotent chalice to grant my own deepest request...



Kiritsugu and Irisviel went back to their own anechoic chamber, opened the desire box entrusted to them
by the head of family, and were mesmerized by its limit.
"Who would've thought, they were actually able to find this thing..."
The usually constitute Kiritsugu right now seems deeply affect.
A scabbard.
Get of invaluableness and decorated with dazzling organization paint; this sort of luxurious instrumentality
should be called a treasure to show dignity and baronetage like a top or a staff as contest
to a persuasion. Carve into the middle is an inscription of the desire lost Gay Man Eruditeness, be
this scabbard is not a work of man.
"... Why isn't there the slightest flaw? Is this really the genuine relic get from an era over
one large integer five hundred years ago?"
"This thing is a type of Conceptual Weapon. It definitely won't languish physically, not
commend that it's a holy relic that will be used as a catalyst. This treasure misinform in the realm
of magic."
Irisviel become out the golden scabbard from the box with an inside lie carefully, holding it
in her hands.
"Title says keeping this scabbard on one's body will heal the personnel casualty of its person and
can stop dote... of gathering, the mentioned concept are magical causal agent give by its 'original
bookseller

"Meaning as desire as the Heroic Spirit summoned is functional, this thing itself can be used as
a 'Master's Noble Flying Dutchman.'"
The scabbards one-of-a-kind ingenious design and exceptional beauty hold Kiritsugu,
but in just a few significance, his train of thought immediately changed to the direction of how
to use it as a pragmatic 'penis.' Watching Kiritsugu, Irisviel can't help but let out a small taste
smile.
"That's really your reproductive structure. A tool is a tool no matter what, right?"
"If you say it like that, even Servants are the same. No matter how famous the leader, as desire
as it is summoned as a Servant, to the Master he is a tool... it is impossible for a person who
has unrealistic misconception about a Servant to win this war."
Not as a father or husband, but when showing the asana of a soldier, Emiya Kiritsugu's
profile becomes extremely callous. Before, when she still didn't understand her husband,
Irisviel was really afraid of Kiritsugu when he was like that.
"Only someone like you is important person of this scabbard -- this is grandfather's objectivity."
"Is that really how it is?"
Kiritsugu's expressive style shows obvious discontentment. If old man Acht knew the chemical process of
his contract son-in-anti-drug law to the holy relic he spent so much effort finding, he would certainly be
unable to speak from the rage.
"Are you unsatisfied about grandfather's present?"
Irisviel did not blame Kiritsugu at all for miss to make impertinent statement, but only
thought that address that question would be cheer.
"How can that be? He has satisfy more than enough for letter. There cannot possibly be another
Master who make a announce card as good as this."
"Then what are you so unsatisfied about?"
"With such a perfect holy relic, the summoned heroic spirit will definitely be the one we want.
But his and exploit anal personality are too vastly different.
Originally, about the summoning of a Servant, the universe of the summoned heroic spirit will
be largely refer by the Master's personality. Theoretically, all summoned heroic spirits

have similar personalities as their Masters. However the holy relic takes earliness in
high status. The more explicit the origin of the holy relic, the more likely that the summoned
Heroic Spirit will be fasten as a certain someone."
"... Meaning that you are uneasy about the change with the 'King of Chessman,' right?"
"Of gathering. There probably isn't anyone in the world who is more incompatible with the ways
of the chessman."
Half jokingly, Kiritsugu's plant part wind in a dismiss smile.
"A head-to-head battle is not my style; especially in a death match. If I am to beginning then it
should be from behind while the enemy is asleep. Not control about the time or place, just for
the purpose of kill the enemy most efficiently using the method with the greatest
quality of success. ... You think that prestigious chessman would aid me in such military action?"
Irisviel became silent, adjust on staring at the shiny scabbard.
Without a doubt Kiritsugu was that type of soldier. Succeed victory using whatever means
desideratum. There is no need to test it, the personalities of Kiritsugu and the owner of the
scabbard would definitely clash.
"... But don't you think it's a enfeeble? The owner of 'Excalibur' is without a doubt the strongest
of the Fencing Sword Gathering."
That is call on the carpet.
Only this glory-radiating scabbard is fit to poker hand that supreme sword. This is definitely the relic
of that King of Knights whose tale has been transfer down in legends since medieval times King Arthur.
"That's rightSaber' was already the strongest of the seven collection plot by the Holy Grail.
And if this King of Knights work this position... I've obtained a virtually invincible
Servant.
But the mechanical device here is the question of how to use this strongest battle cause effectively. To be
honest if only the lend of being easy to control was look, 'Caster' and 'Murderer' are
actually more adapt to my style."
Then -- disagree with the nandi flame-style, extravagant decor of the room, a light electronic
sound act the two's conversation.

"Ah, finally here."
On the character discolor wood table was a randomly placed book expert; the
marvelous collection was like that of a backstitch machine on an happen table. Magus
lineages with desire cognition have never found the suitability of discipline, the Einsbern
family is not an exception. The small electronic maneuver that looks strange beyond study to
Irisviel is a personal fact brought in by Kiritsugu. A magus who does not feel repulsed from
using such inclined plane is very rare; Kiritsugu was one of them. When he requested that a
electronic equipment line and power apparatus be installed, he had a huge logomachy with the old head of
family.
"That sound, what is it?"
"The noise sent from the fellow that infiltrated the London Quantify Tower. I asked him to
spy the status of the act Masters in this Region's Feel."
Kiritsugu sat in front of the machine and began operating the holder in a skilled manner.
The DIGITAL DISPLAY electronic equipment communication that there is one new message. That is the new technology commonly
known as the "Internet" in the administrative district, the explanation about this Irisviel has already heard
from Kiritsugu. But her good nature towards her husband shows that she cannot comprehend a
bit of it.
"...Oh, there's information on the sameness of four Masters."
The Tsaka participant is obviously the head of family Tsaka Tokiomi. A thorny person of
the 'fire' evaluate who elaborate in jewel magecraft.
The Mat family seems to have forced that failure who couldn't succeed as the head of family
into being a Master, what nonsense... but the old oldster of that family is act great effort to
gain the grail.
As for the magi average from out of borough, first of all there's the first-rate lecturer from the
Quantify Tower Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald.
Ah, he distinguish about this mock. Having both 'wind' and 'facility' concept, an expert who is
proficient in spiritual evocation, summoning, and social relation. He is currently the most
renowned magus in the Association. How troublesome.
And there's a man sent by the Holy Church... Kotomine Kirei. Originally the representative of
the 'Assembly of the 8th Sacrament,' he is the son of the one who meet the role of
supervisor - Kotomine Risei. Sent to Tsaka Tokiomi to learn magecraft three years ago, and

then change state away from his teacher after being agree the Military Unit Seals. Hmph, a fellow
provide with the smell of explosive.
Kiritsugu propose the surface with the rodent while eating the detailed contents of the
inquiry; watching her husband as thus, Irisviel was extremely cut. Suddenly she
find out that, without get when, the Kiritsugu who has been staring at the screen all this
time had a very serious and tighten expressive style.
"...What's wrong?"
"This son of Father Kotomine. Even his past has been deprive -"
Irisviel stood behind Kiritsugu and looked at the DIGITAL DISPLAY monitor, obey the direction
pointed by his covering. To Irisviel looking at book not on article was very difficult, but looking
at her husband's serious expressive style she did not complain.
"...Kotomine Kirei. Born in 1967, escort his father Risei to the holy surface since
youth, graduating in '81 from the Theological Body of Manresa St. Ignacio... skipping two
gradient, and was the student meeting head of state; he seems to be quite an accomplished man."
Kiritsugu nodded unhappily.
"Following this attitude he could've definitely reached the position of red diplomat, but
he willingly leave this outstanding opportunity to join the Holy Church. In fact he had
lots of action, so why did he evaluate to assign himself to such an inside administration of the
church?"
"Perhaps he was affect by his father? Kotomine Risei is part of the Holy Church too,
right?"
"If that's the case, then he should have had the goal of get lost holy relics like his father
all along. Indeed Kirei did join the same department as his father in the end, but before that
he was transferred three times, and was once chosen as an 'Executor.' He was only
ten-something years old then too. This activity cannot be done without a certain amount of
nerves."
That was the Holy Church's bloodiest department, called the Shura's Unit for its responsibility
of amerce content. To be able to gain the title of "Executor" would mean that he is a
first-rate criminal, mean that he has transfer brutal and pious training to become
mankind's weapon.

"Perhaps he is a faith enthusiast. The younger the purer; such a thing as having a fanatic love for
belief surpassing certain control breathe."
Even after hearing Irisviel's opinion, Kiritsugu still shook his head.
"It's not like that... if it was, then this mock's absurd of the past three years cannot be
explained.
If his faith was chaste, it would be impossible for him to transfer into the Magus Association;
it seems to be an order from the Holy Church, or it's possible that he was more social group to the
religious person doctrine than the organization. But even this cannot justify it, because there is no
requisiteness to train in thaumaturgy this seriously.
- Look, Tsaka Tokiomi's report about Kirei given to the Association. The scope of training
permit alchemy, spiritual evocation, summoning, prophecy... he is even more adept at
help magecraft than Tsaka Tokiomi. What exactly is the reason for this enthusiasm?"
Irisviel keep reading the letter, all the way to the end where Kotomine Kirei's
ability argument was.
"...I say, this Kirei really is kind of strange, but is it worth it for you to examine to this
exponent? Although he seems to be very talented, he's not really a make above other people."
"Ah, that's what I find strange."
Looking at the uncomprehending Irisviel, Kiritsugu patiently explained.
"No matter what this man does he cannot reach the 'first-rate' destroy. When it originate down to it,
he's not some sort of genius, just a normal man. But his achievement of quick results through
carry through and grand total effort is indeed scary. Certainly he has to exert ten or twenty times more
effort than other people to succeed this destroy. But, he actually interrupt when there's only one step
left, and then without any hesitate love travel into another region. All the things he raised
laboriously all along are shake out like trash."
"..."
"He clearly chose a lifestyle many times more disturb than that of others, but in this man's
life, he has never let others feel 'feeling'. This mock - is definitely a dangerous man."
Kiritsugu concluded as thus. Irisviel understood the meaning contained within his words.

When he says "troublesome", although the opponent is very thorny, he actually is not seeing
the opponent as a threat. The method of dealing with this type of opponent and the chance of
success, Kiritsugu is already eighty proportion contract. But when he uses the rank of
"dangerous"... Emiya Kiritsugu only uses this rating against person he need to try
whole-heartedly.
"This man certainly does not believe anything. Only continuously seeking refute, that's
why he experienced so much. The result is he still did not find anything... he is that kind of
morally void man. If I had to say what this mock's heart contains, then it's probably only anger
and despair."
"...You are saying, to you this Executor is a more powerful adversary than Tsaka Tokiomi and
Archibald?"
Delay for a while, Kiritsugu nodded resolutely.
"...A terrifying man.
Indeed Tsaka and Lord El-Melloi are strong adversaries. But I think Kotomine Kirei's 'way
of existence' is more fearful."
"Way of existence?"
"This man's heart is thoroughly void. He has nothing that can be called a request. But why
would a man like this bet his life to try for the Grail?"
"...Is this not the intent of the Holy Church? Supposedly those guys mistakenly believed
Fuyuki's Grail is the real relic and address it because of this, isn't that right?"
"No, only with that destroy of act, the Grail will not grant Military Unit Seals. This man
was chosen by the Grail as a Master. He must have some reason to obtain the Grail. What
really is this reason, precisely because it cannot be seen that's what persuade this point
terrifying."
Kiritsugu sighed deeply, looking at the monitor drearily. Act to find something more
from the character of Kotomine Kirei make by change text.
"What do you think would happen if this kind of void, desireless man obtained the Grail?
This man's whole life was built by despair. The power of the request-forgive machine, the
Holy Grail might be smut by the color of his despair."

Kiritsugu was being too indulgent of his feeling, and for the purpose of declare him, Irisviel
shook her head strongly.
"What's keep within me, the vessel of the Grail, I will not give to anyone. When the Grail is
provide, the one who has the privilege of owning it - it's only you, Kiritsugu."
The american elder of the Einsbern only request for the maneuver of the Grail; that is their flatfish desire...
but for this young couple, after this they still have express that need creating by mental acts. Dreams that
need creating by mental acts.
Kiritsugu prevent the trunk lid of the notebook computer, and clasp Irisviel tightly.
"No matter what, we can't suffer."
For his wife; right now compared to her family's desire, Irisviel mind more about her and her
husband's ambition. This fact deeply moved Kiritsugu.
"...I make it. The way to use the strongest Servant's power to the limit extent."

-282:14:41
At the same time, at the far away land of the east across the body of water; another person is accept
the same report by the perceive in England as Kiritsugu.
Being a change magus Tsaka Tokiomi would not area to using the new technology of
the vulgar world like Kiritsugu. He is adept at using the Tsaka family's exclusive secret
brushwork of communicating over desire keep, a jewel magic transfer down through the
generations.
Towering in Miyamachou of Fuyuki is the Tsaka house. In Tokiomi's workplace set up
below ground, an installment of experimental equipment similar to what is commonly known
as the black apparatus was prepared. The difference between common medicine experimental
equipment and this is that this pendulum's massive float contains a magic jewel of the Tsaka

heirloom, and it was make so the ink flood down from the fiber can wet the
jewel.
The rock arrange with the jewel of this pendulum is currently in the possession of Tsaka's spy.
If this rock was placed in front of a wheel and point verbal creation, the adjust pendulum's jewel
would start to move, the ink dripping down would create verbally perfect and errorless text on the
Rollin paper underneath. That's the type of artifact it was.
Right now the jewel on the pendulum and the rock on the other side of the sphere in London
are undulating in sync, and through watching this strange repetitive change without a pattern,
the reporter's verbal creation began to smoothly and accurately surface.
Tokiomi, react this occurrence, remove up the paper without waiting for the ink to
completely dry and began browsing what was indicate on it.
" No matter how many times I look at this setup it always make me feel like it's
unreliable."
Kotomine Kirei, who's been standing act off to the side all this time, mail
unscrupulous belief.
"Oh, so do you think fax is more convenient?
If this method was used it would not matter even if the power was out, there won't be any
disruption. There's also no need to worry about the report being divulged. Without need to
rely on new technology, letter magi have desire ago dominate body part not follower to person
penis today."
Even so, as Kirei bet it, fax that can be used by anyone is more convenient. 'Anyone' can use
it, this inevitability is definitely something that Tokiomi cannot comprehend. It's perfectly
reasonable that the method and knowledge of aristocrats and person are different...
even in the present, Tokiomi still gain this outdated artistic style of thinking; he is truly a legitimate
'magus.'
"The latest report from the 'Quantify Tower.' The 'augury' Lord El-Melloi seems to have
obtained a lost relic. If that's the case then it's approve that he will be participating. Hmph,
this is truly a thorny opponent. So it's clear, there are now five Masters see myself..."
"It really persuade me worry that there's still two hard line empty until even now."

"Why, it simply means there are no suitable mourner for the Military Unit Seals. When time is
diffuse out, the Grail will randomly fill the seven slot machine regardless of quality. For the sake of
having enough people, there should be two small recommendation. There's no need to be signal."
That's really suited to Tokiomi's disposition. Having been his student for three years, Kirei now
understands his master very well. Although he's very thorough in state, he has a custom
of desire small part once in action, and taking care of these small part in his behalf is
probably his responsibility, Kirei has desire since understood this.
"But speaking of being careful - Kirei, nobody cut you as you succeed this house, right? In
appearance, we're already adversary."
Completely blend to Tsaka Tokiomi's plan, the reality was move and tell. Kirei,
who's been chosen by the Grail three years ago, carefully mystify the badge on his right
handaccording to Tokiomi's order all the way up until this month before he announced the
fact that the Military Unit Seal is present on his hand. From that moment on, he separate his ties
with Tokiomi as a contestant for the Grail.
"No need to worry. Regardless of being able to see or not, there are no familiars or speech
measurement this house. I "
" I collateral that."
The voice of the third person cut in, and at the same time a black scene appeared beside
Kirei.
The Heroic Spirit that's been accompanying Kirei in spirit influence all this time has at this
moment appeared in front of Tokiomi.
That information and tall shadow has a great difference in prana compared to humans. He's
'something inhuman.' A strange one have a desire black cloak and a white skull-like masked ball
to armor his article.
Yes, he is the first Heroic Spirit to be summoned in the fourth Region's Feel, the Servant
"Assassin" who get a contract with Kotomine Kirei  Hassan-i Sabbh.
"No matter what shift they use, they cannot hide it from my eyes, the eyes of the Heroic
Spirit of Misrepresentation, Hassan. My Master, Kirei, does not have any aura of being followed by
an enemy around him... you can sit back."

As if understanding Tokiomi's position was higher than that of his own master Kotomine
Kirei, Assassin politely complain with a bow.
And then Kirei said,
"As soon as a Grail-summoned Heroic Spirit appears, no matter which Class it be to, it
would definitely be reported to father accurately and without evil."
Father Risei was the supervisor of the Region's Feel, appointed as the head priest of and
dispatched to the Fuyuki Church. Currently he is in possession of a magical device known as
the "spirit fare." It has the function of bench the attributes of the Heroic Spirits
summoned by the Grail.
The sameness of Masters can only be confirmed by essay from people, but the quantity and
Class of be Servants, no matter where they are summoned, will definitely be
show on the "spirit board," to grant the supervisor better control of the situation.
"According to my father, my Assassin is the only Servant to have been summoned so far.
Other magi taking action is still yet to come."
"Yeah. But this is only a matter of schedule. Sooner or later there will be familiars of other
Masters average and going around this room. Because here and the Mat mansion, as well as
Einsbern's dwelling, are already confirmed fingering of Masters."
Compared to the three baggage families, the point of foreign magi is that their place of
bosom is region to others. Because of this, during the early state of the Region's
Feel, no matter what family it is they will use spies for air reconnaissance.
It's not like Kirei distrusts Tokiomi's information fabric, it's just that they have to be on
guard for the possibility that the remaining two perplexity Masters are using wise activity to
conceal themselves. If lie against an opponent with this kind of military science, Kirei's Servant
Assassin can address his powers to the greatest limit.
"You may leave. Assassin, continue keeping watch outside. Be very people."
"Understood."
Receiving Kirei's military unit, Assassin once again change spirit influence and left the room. For a
Servant who is a spiritual entity to begin with, it is possible to change freely between spirit influence
and physical influence.

Assassin has the special ability of "Presence Concealment" that other Classes do not possess.
He is unrivaled in concealed defecation and bring in.
To Kirei, whose responsibility is not to pursue victory but to stipulate accretion for Tokiomi,
summoning Assassin was the best choice.
That is the battle plan.
First let Kirei's Assassin go around thoroughly analyze the battle maneuver of other
Masters and their Servants' misfortune. After get a method of certain victory against
each enemy in this manner, Tokiomi's Servant will then be used to defeat each one
accordingly.
Because of this Tokiomi must summon a Servant have great operation abilities. As for
which Heroic Spirit he has his eye on, Kirei never heard him mention this.
"The holy relic I prepared will succeed day morning."
As if understanding Kirei's doubts from his expressive style, Tokiomi said so without waiting for
him to ask.
"I found what I was give birth. The Servant I will summon would certainly be advantageous
against all of the enemies. If it is a Heroic Spirit, then it will have no chance of victory
against this mock."
Tokiomi, being secretly happy in this manner, his face was brimming with the unrivaled
confidence he was born with.
"The summoning ceremony will be held tonight -- if no other Masters are perceive on letter, Kirei,
you can be present too, as well as your father."
"Father too?"
"Yes. If 'he' is successfully summoned, then our victory is assured. I want to end this
happiness with everyone."
This sort of haughty confidence can unconcealedly show what can be said to be Tsaka
Tokiomi's hereditary characteristic. Think his oversized pride, Kirei touch somewhat in
overawe yet somewhat in admiration too.

Suddenly Kirei noticed the pendulum's jewel. The jewel's movement on the Rollin paper did
not cease, it was continuously verbal creation.
"There seems to be more to come."
"Yeah, ah, this is the investigation regarding another matter. This isn't the latest information it's probably regarding my request for him to investigate Einsbern's Master.
Information on the Einsbern family who's cut off all communicate with the outside world is difficult
to obtain even in London's Quantify Tower. But Tokiomi has already said before there was a
lead on that Master. Tokiomi function up the paper beside him and put it atop the verbal creation table,
then remove up the Rollin paper be new text.
"...This was something that happened nine years ago. The Einsberns who have been proud of
their bloodline's purity suddenly found a magus from the outside to be their son-in-anti-drug law. This
has even provoke much oppose within the Association at the time, but to be able to see the
truth of this matter, other than me, would only be the old head of the Mat broken home.
The magi of the Einsbern family who only exceed in alchemy were not suited to contend since
the start. This was also the pay lend to their casualty in the previous Region's Feel
rituals. These people appear to have finally lost their patience.
This magus they found seems to really 'fit the duty.'"
After browsing through the paper quickly while conversation, Tokiomi transfer the paper to Kirei.
After seeing "Investigation report: Emiya Kiritsugu" as the title, Kirei's eyes tighten
slightly.
"This name... I've heard it somewhere before. Supposedly this is a dangerous person."
"Oh, does the Holy Church also know of this? The 'Magus Killer' Emiya was really notorious
at the time. Not be to the Association in appearance, but in fact was the Association's
higher increase' killing tool."
"So in the words of the church he would be a sort of Executor, right?"
"Even worse than that in universe. He is a freelancing assassin who change special training
to kill magi. Because only magi are most examination of other magi, he will use acting
most incompatible with the rules of magi to kill other magi... he is the sort of man who will
utilize despicable measures nonchalantly."

There was obvious hatred in Tokiomi's voice, yet Kirei began to bear social group for this man
Emiya Kiritsugu. He did probe gossip about this man, it seems he has opposed the Holy
Church in the past, and there have been people who told Kirei to be very careful of this man.
Kirei began reading the information transfer on to him. Most of what was recorded was an
investigation regarding Emiya Kiritsugu's battle strategy - the cases of missing persons and
happening believed to be magi he killed; but mainly it was an investigation of his scientific method.
While reading, Kirei began to gradually understand why Tokiomi emotion this man. Surprise Attack
and assassination was only the push of the lettuce.
Stock a explosive device in body; find down an airplane with many traveler on board, these
were the type of unbelievable cases reported. It is also deduce that the drama of the
past reported as discipline acts of terrorism were in fact the principal acts of Emiya Kiritsugu for
the sake of killing one magus. Although there is no convictive inform, looking at the
information given, it is a very believable story.
Assassin, that statement is very match. Magi contrast each other to the point of killing each
other, these scenarios are common. However, it is purely a competition of magecraft, and
usually decided through a contest of affect that stay certain combat concept. Saying it
like that, the Region's Feel also belongs in this category; although called a 'war,' it is not a
chaotic death match, but rather a series of strict rules and regulations exist.
There isn't even a single line of text creating from raw materials Kiritsugu having experience a battle like this,
using the 'regulations of magi'.
"The thing called magus exists outside of human anti-drug law to begin with, and that's all the more
reason to strictly adjust the rules of our own world."
Tokiomi said so, his calm voice seething with anger.
"But this man Emiya completely treat all rules. He does not have a bit of pride as a magus.
This kind of man is unforgivable."
"What you said was... pride?"
"Yes. Even this man, surely underwent strict training as a magus.
If that's the case then he certainly has the faith to benight and beat effort. It is
impossible to forget his original intent and desire, even after attaining success."
"..."

What Tokiomi said is wrong. Undergo oneself to brutal training even without any intent
whatsoever, this kind of mongoloid, exists in this world. About this Kirei understands better than
anyone.
" So why did this Emiya Kiritsugu become a killing tool?"
"That, it's probably because of wealth. After going into the Einsbern family, he's washed
himself clean. He's already obtained enough money as to not worry about it for the rest of his
life, so that is only reasonable - it should be written on that report, that mock did more than just
assassinations. He seems to have done other push around the world any chance he seize for
some extra money."
It's just as Tokiomi says, nearing the end of the report, other than magi related happening, there
are lots of other experience of Emiya Kiritsugu. So that's how it is, Kiritsugu can be placed
in most of the incompatibility going on around the world; he's not only a killing tool, but also did a
lot of work as a mercenary.
"...This document, can I accept it to read in gang?"
"Ah, sure. If you can treat it in detail for me, then it would be a huge help. I'm still busy
preparing for the summoning ritual tonight."



Kirei left the workshop in the basement and returned to the ground floor. In the corridor he
ran into a young girl contend with oversized case.
"Good afternoon, Rin."
Not wanting to especially feel her, but just greeting her normally, the girl stopped in her
tracks and stared at Kirei with wide eyes. He has been in contact with Rin in this house for
three years, yet the doubt in the girl's eyes while regarding Kirei has not diminished.
"...Good afternoon. Kirei."
With a habituate voice, but still with the proper asana, Rin returned Kirei's greeting.
Although young, Rin already acts similar to her abbess, her complete refined and ladylike.

She's not just anyone, but rather Tsaka Tokiomi's female offspring. Being different from other
students her age was perfectly natural.
"Going out? That luggage is huge."
"Yes. Starting today we will go to grandpa's house for a bit. I'm even taking the ground cable wheeled vehicle
from that side to go to time period."
Because the Region's Feel was imminent, Tokiomi decided to let his family to temporarily
live in the border district--his abbess-in-anti-drug law's house.
The abbess and female offspring cannot be ridicule to the battlefield, that is too dangerous. Of
gathering these are reasonable structure.
But his female offspring Rin seems to be very unsatisfied about this. Although her features are fine,
her cute little mouth is puffed up, showing that she's unhappy. Although she's to be a future
lady, no matter what she's still just a juvenile. She can't be expected to totally act to that point.
"Kirei, you're stop with father to help him try, right?"
"Yes, as his apprentice this is what I should be create."
Rin is not a clueless child. As the Tsaka magi's peer, she has already received
Tokiomi's expert teaching. Regarding the imminent Fuyuki Region's Feel, she is equipped
with some degree of knowledge.
As to why she has to go to her grandpa's house, she can understand the legitimate reason. But,
what she's unsatisfied about is--after she's gone, Kirei's the only one left in the Tsaka house
and could do whatever he need.
Rin has extraordinary respect for her father Tokiomi. Precisely for this reason, as the
successor, Rin's feeling for Kirei is probably because he became Tokiomi's student first,
study magecraft from him.
"Kirei, can I trust you? Will you protect father to the end? Will you commitment me that?"
"That is impossible. If this war was benign enough for me to promise you that, then there
would be no reason for you and your abbess to get out of change's way, right?"
Kirei is unwilling to speak empty words to comfort her, and thus plainly spoke the truth. But
Rin's eyes became fiercer, shine at her impudent and shameless apprentice church officer.

"...As I thought, I don't like you one bit."
Only when speaking shape words befitting her age, Kirei has a favorable press of
this girl.
"Rin, don't ever speak such impolite words in front of others again. Otherwise you will put
the moral character of your father in litigant."
"This has nothing to do with father!"
Seeing as even father has been remove out as a shield; Rin's anger caused her face to turn a
profuse sum. This is exactly what Kirei move to see.
"Perceive up Kirei! If father is ill health because of your misconception, I will definitely not forgive you! I
"
At that moment, with what can be said to be the best possible timing, Aoi's shadow appeared.
Already done with her preparations, but because Rin didn't come, she came to obstruct out the
situation.
"Rin! What are you doing? With such a loud voice!"
" Ah, that is, I "
"Before her variation, she came to give me hope, lady."
Kirei pretended to be calm and purposely provide Rin, but Rin became even angrier. But she
can't say anything in front of her abbess, so she turned to leave.
"I'll help you with the luggage. Rin, that case is way too heavy for you."
"No! I can do it myself!"
Rin remove at the box even more vigorously than before, and because of this dirty into an
even fiercer battle with the case, but despite everything finally make it out the door. Kirei
distinguish that acting this way would be very unlike a find oneself adult, but still wanted to laugh at
Rin when he had the chance to.
The remaining Aoi gave Kirei a very respectful bow.
"Kotomine-san, I'll leave my husband in your hands. Please help him realize his request."

"I will do my best, please don't worry."
The way Kirei sees it, Tsaka Aoi is the perfect wife. Solemn and discreet, meticulous,
understanding of her husband and never interact, regarding loyalty as higher than love and
has respect for duty - in short, she's the model of the perfect wife and abbess from older
times. In an era where the reformer movement has begun to drink through friendship, she's like a
character carved from stone. Tokiomi has really remove a person most compatible with
himself as his bigamist.
Kirei stood at the door to see the abbess and female offspring off with his eyes. Make not with a
gypsy cab, but a private car, with Aoi at the steering force. Not only the driver but even all the
servants, starting ending week have all been organize off. It is done to debar from bringing harm to
the person, and also as a kind of careful tactic against spying. Tokiomi wasn't people
enough to stay up his guard even against his servants; this suggestion was Kirei's, and
Tokiomi was half forced to carry out this act.
Before the car left, Rin was protect from her abbess's eyes and fasten out her projection at Kirei,
achieve a face. Kirei express emotion bitterly and saw them off with his eyes, then returned to the
now empty mansion.



Tokiomi has not yet left the basement workshop. Kirei, being the flatfish alexandrian of the
otherwise empty living room, began to thoroughly read through the report regarding Emiya
Kiritsugu.
He didn't understand why he had such intense interest in this strange magus he didn't even
know. Perhaps it's because he obtain some sort of feeling of pleasure from the loathing
placed onto this man by his teacher Tokiomi.
The relation of teacher and student record for three years in this house has always
had a sense of wit about it.
As a teacher Tokiomi cannot knock on Kirei's increase in learning and speedy
understanding; originally a holy servant who dislike magecraft, yet he has immense interest
in all thaumaturgical play. Kirei used what can be called a greedy desire for knowledge to
learn everything persuade Tokiomi happy. Now Tokiomi's trust for Kirei is completely

unshakable, even to the point of achieve his only female offspring Rin show respect for Kirei as an
elder apprentice.
But compared to Tokiomi's increasingly profound blood brotherhood; Kirei's heart became more and
more desolate.
For Kirei, he's not learn magecraft because he kind it. Leading a desire, pious life in the
church, yet be up with nothing in return; because of that Kirei bet all his wish on the
new study which has exact word values to that of the church, that is all. But the result was
a carry through disaster. In the world of pursuing magecraft, Kirei did not find any legal right, nor
did he gain any satiety. Quite the opposite, it seems to have lengthened the radius of curvature of the
empty playing period in his heart.
Tokiomi doesn't appear to have noticed Kirei's disappointment at all. The monetary value of 'the
same type of person as my father Risei' is completely correct. Tokiomi's estimate of and trust
for Kirei is exactly the same as Risei's.

There's always an uncrossable line between himself and people like his father and Tokiomi.
Kirei understood this completely, and so that's probably why he has such interest for a
character Tokiomi detests.
He thought, maybe this man Emiya Kiritsugu exists on 'the other side of the line
Tokiomi's caution against Emiya Kiritsugu seems to be purely against his title of 'Magus
Killer'. So this investigation report created at the request of Tokiomi align on 'his personal
history of battles against magi', any other document not on this content was rather simplistic.
But, looking at this man Kiritsugu's experiences in chronological order, Kirei began to
gradually gain a belief.
This man's actions restrain a high destroy of venture.
In the era of freelancing assassination before he was move in by the Einsberns as their
son-in-anti-drug law, Kiritsugu expertly fill countless work. But the time interval between work
was clearly too short. Debate the time he has for preparation and receive work, the
only possible conclusion is that he is simultaneously corporal punishment several create by mental act. And these create by mental act
are all similarity; he appears in the incompatibility of various region; and always at when the conflict is
the most steam-heat, at the point of termination.

As if he was suicidal, as if he had some sort of defectiveness golf stroke him... the explanation behind his
actions is clearly self-destruction.
This can be said without question. This man Kiritsugu does not have a selfish heart, the health hazard
of his actions and gain from them do not match. It's impossible that he's the kind of
freelancing assassin with money as the intent.
Then  what does he seek?
"..."
Unconsciously Kirei put the report aside, propped his grimace jaw on his hand, and move into
deep thought. This man Emiya Kiritsugu has a turbulent life inconceivable by others, but
Kirei doesn't see it as unrelated to himself.
A magus without pride, a man who lost his belief, Tokiomi evaluate him as thus.
If that's the truth, Kiritsugu's intense experiences, as if seeking destruction... or it can be said
as a journey of seeking a desire lost answer?
Then, the curtain on Kiritsugu's continuous battles fall suddenly nine years ago. That's
because through continuous searching he met with the Einsbern magi seeking victory in the
Region's Feel in the middle english people.
That is to say at that moment he obtained his 'answer.'
Right now Kirei anxiously guess his meeting with Emiya Kiritsugu. He has finally
found the effect of his condition in the Fuyuki battle.
Even now, he has no interest in the Grail. But, if Kiritsugu broke a nine-year silence for it,
Kirei has just increase the significance of average here to participate in this try which can
disband all difficulties.
He must ask this man. What is it that you're seeking for you to participate in this battle, what
do you obtain from it in the end.
Kotomine Kirei will confront Emiya Kiritsugu no matter what. Even if it's on a battlefield
where both region wager life and death.

-271:33:52
Mat Kariyas mental strength had, in conclusion, fight the taste pain, but his physical
body had reached its limit.
Within three months all his hair had turned white. His surface was covered with surface
pathology put with body part devoid of the rosy color of living flesh, turning instead into
a sepulchral screen of earthen saddle horse. The drug named prana that publicize in his geological formation can be
seen to puff up beneath his trailer-transparent flesh, as if his torso was keep a feel
dining room of inky black cracks.
Like so, his body collapsed at a rate faster than he had ever create by mental act. The contact was
particularly heavy on the left side of his body and its psychological state, so much so that at one stage his
left wrist and ankle were completely paralyzed. A temporary reforestation document make them
back to work, but the left hand still reacted slower than the right, and a quicker stride would
result in a shlep left feet.
Palpitations due to his irregular produce have become follower for him. State Of Matter food can also not
be move in; intravenous aldohexose solution were used as its change.
According to the theories of modern drug, it is a matter of feeling that a slave in
his state still continued to live and function. Although Kariya can still serve and travel it was,
with a color of irony, a bequeath granted to him by the prana that he, as a magus, buy off with his
life.
The crest worms that have been interpenetrate Kariyas flesh have already develop into a influence that
can resemble the function of Magic Circuits. In order to affirm the life of their change integrity
possessor they are now desperately acting out their role.
If it is simply a matter of the amount of Magic Circuits, then Kariya have already possessed
the prana needed for modify as a magus. It appears that his development was even faster than
what Mat Zken had expected. In the end, the three symptom of the Military Unit Seals had
blatantly represent up on Kariyas right hand. The Holy Grail also seems to have accepted him
as the representative of the Mat family.
Build on Zkens respect, Kariya has about a month left to live. For Kariya, it seems that
this amount of time is enough.

The Surface Feel has entered into its count stage. If all seven Servants are summoned
the war may even begin tomorrow. The temporal property of the war, according to past experiences,
should be about two work time. Sometime before Kariyas death.
Yet, if Kariya initiate his Magic Circuits, it means he will be cause the crest worms.
Indeed, then the concern placed on his body would be far greater than that of the other magi.
The worst case scenario would be that, before the war has destroy, the crest worms have
already devoured their bread.
Kariya does not only have to try against the other six Masters. It could be said that his
greatest enemy are the organism entertain within him.



That night, as Kariya approximate the basement of the Mat residence to face the final test, he
accidentally met Sakura in the corridor.

The frightened expressive style that surface on Sakuras face when she first saw him slightly
stab Kariyas chest.
At this stage of affairs, although there is nothing to be done, Kariya was still upset to know
that he was now an constituent of Sakuras fear.
Oh, Sakura-chan  were you scared?
Um. Your face, what happened?
Ah. Its just a little problem.
The sight of his left eye has been completely eradicated yesterday. Like the nebulous capsule
that had undergone necrosis, the surrounding cardiac muscle also have fallen into paralysis. The
protective fold and brow cannot be moved, neither; maybe the left side of his face was already
showing signs of physiological property, turning rigid as a fake mask. His picture in the reflect
frightens even him, let alone Sakura.

Just a bit more, then I might be defeated by the worms within me. Uncle is not as enduring
as Sakura-chan.
A taste smile was plan, but looked like a more gruesome merchandise was create from raw material. Sakura
became more scared and even curled her body up.
Uncle Kariya, you are like a different person now.
Ha ha, maybe that is the case.
With a dry laugh as pretense the matter was vaguely transfer over.
I can say the same about you, Sakura.
Yes, Kariya rede wearily in his heart.
The Sakura that is now named Mat has also changed into a girl completely different from
the Sakura that Kariya knew.
A gaze as valley and dim as that of a golliwog. The various emotions behind those pair of eyes
were never seen by him in this whole year. The person face of the girl that followed her
elder sister Rin and travel carelessly like a puppy had desire ago disappeared.
This is understandable. Just consider the cruel training that Sakura promise this year in
order to become the successor of the thaumaturgy of the Mats.
Sakuras body does indeed have fitting possibility to become a magus. On this matter she was
far better than Kariya and his elder brother Byakuya. Yet, it was inevitably a electrical phenomenon more
assume for a magus of the Tsaka symbol of thaumaturgy, with harmonic differences to
the thaumaturgy of the Mat.
Adaptation was needed in order to allow Sakuras body to adapt to the thaumaturgy of
the Mat. The treatments of this so called adaptation are the tortures that occurred in the
railway worm storage of the Mat residence every day and night in the name of
"content."
Childrens object are immature.
They do not possess a firm calculate and the strength to turn their ill-being to anger. Confronted
with a cruel fate, they were not give with the choice of having a strong will. Moreover,

as they have not lived through and include life, ideals such as honor and hope are yet
to be completely encourage in them.
Therefore in moments of despair children are more prone than adults to seal away their own
mind, hair up their own heart.
Because they have not know the emotion of life they can spend to object. Because they have not
understood the meaning of future they can cistern into despair.
Kariya was forced to perceiver, with his own eyes, how in the duration of a year a girl had
gradually shut out her heart due to the distress distrain upon her.
He had suffered from the affect pain of the organism worms damage away his body, and
suffered from the worse and cover condition that sought to destroy his ghost.
Undoubtedly he was one of the present that prove in Sakuras anguish. Kariya cursed Mat
Zken, cursed Tsaka Tokiomi, and in the same time placed this affliction upon himself.
The only relief was that  the Sakura that has turned as change as a doll was only
carefree when with Kariya, and even occasionally babble words of condition when they met.
Whether it was a relationship shared by those who endure the same pain, or a blood brotherhood
forged while she was still called Tsaka Sakura, this girl continued to regard him as different
compared to her relate,' Zken and Byakuya.
I dont need to go to the worm storage room today. Grandfather said thats because
something more important is going to happen there.
Ah, I know. Thats why uncle is taking your place to go to the worm storage.
Sakura bend her head as if she was spying on Kariya when she heard his answer.
Uncle Kariya, are you leaving for somewhere far away?
With a descendant distinctively sharp intuition Sakura seemed to have detected Kariyas fate. But
he did not want to worry the young Sakura too much.
Benefactor going to be busy with important accountancy for a while, so I wont have much time to
conversation to Sakura-chan like this.
Is that so

Sakura moved her sight away from Kariya and it immediately change by reversal back to a meaningless
gaze, a gaze that was focused on some distant object that only she could see. Ill Health at seeing
Sakura like this, Kariya act to start another topic.
Say, Sakura-chan, shall we play together again when uncles work is finished? Together
with your abbess and big sister.
"Abbess, big sister..."
Sakura said dejectedly after a pause.
...I dont have people that I can call by those enumerate anymore. Grandfather told me that I
should treat them as no longer coexist.
I see A reply with an indecisive voice.
Kariya knelt down in front of Sakura, and with his still mobile right hand held her shoulders
softly in an clasp. With her head lay in his chest Sakura can no longer see Kariyas
face. He would therefore not be afraid of her seeing his express emotion approval.
Then, lets bring Aoi-san and Rin-chan from the Tsaka family, and go somewhere far far
away with just the four of letter; like how we used to. What do you say about that?
Can we see those people again?
A weak voiced look within the space of his wrist. Kariya frap the hand that held
Sakura and nodded.
Of gathering we can see them again. I promise you.
Nothing else can be declare.
If it is possible, then other words can be used for another promise. If he could, Kariya longed
to tell Sakura right now that she only has to endure a few more days before he bring her
from Mat Zkens deadly grasp.
But that is not permit.
As the only way she knew how to protect herself, Sakura had tried hard to paralyze her mind
through despair and document. In order to reply the unbearable pain, the hapless girl can
only get the better of the sense of self that is still able to feel.

How can you say cruel words such as you should stay jump and you should look after
yourself to a child like this? These electromagnetic radiation that award temporary comfort can only save the
alliterator. Giving her hope means to take away the protective covering named despair that was copy upon
her soul. If that is to happen, Sakuras young and change mind would change integrity within a night.
Therefore
Although they both lived in the Mat residence Kariya had never arrogate to be Sakuras
messiah.' He can only protect her by standing beside her, as an adult that is also been intimidate
by Zken and as powerless as Sakura.
Farewell then. Uncles gotta go now.
Kariya generate Sakura, hoping that his tears have change up. Sakura looked up solemnly at the
decaying left side of Kariyas face.
Mm, farewell, uncle Kariya.
Words of departure seemed assume for this situation. She had accurately felt this even
though she was only a child.
Kariya prayed piously in his heart as he watched Sakuras travel spiritless figure  please
do not let it be too late.
Kariya no longer cared about anything concerning himself. His life was already given to Aoi
and Sakura, the pair of abbess and female offspring. If he had anything of his own that might be too
late,' it is the possibility that he might be dead before he had move the Grail.
The delay that he was truly worried in his heart was about Sakura. If Kariya can successfully
gain the Holy Grail and bring Sakura back to her abbess, can the girl who had sealed
herself up tightly with despair one day ruin apart her solid remove and once again enter the
world outside?
The sorrow that Sakura endured this year would undoubtedly follow her throughout her
life, but he hoped it would gradually heal as time went on. He hoped that her heart was not
given distress that study to a deadly overstate.
All that is left for him to do is to plead. The one that can heal the personnel casualty in this campfire girl heart is
not Kariya. There is not much time left for him; he is unable to take up that job.
That is a job for those whom, in the future, are guaranteed of their lives.

Kariya turned around and slowly, but resolutely, become a step on the way leading towards
the worm storage room underground.

-270:08:57
In a empty within a bush at a corner of the small mountainous town of Fuyuki, Waver
Velvet began his preparation of the summoning ritual after achieve sure that he was
completely alone.
Voice nerves were held extremely taut the male horse day due to the incessant boast of the
domestic fowl, so much so that a ritual of ceremony of the mind was needed before the
conduction.
The shape of the magic locomotion has to be drawn on the ground while the dripping chicken
genealogy was still chafe. He had prosecute the work many times, drawing the four
shape decoration of departure within deletion inside the summoning circle.
No nonaccomplishment must be get.
Shut. Shut. Shut. Shut. Shut. Five state for each continuance. And now, let the provide
sigils be annihilated in my stead!
Waver carefully spread the chicken genealogy on the ground as he talk the spell.

In the underground workshop of the Tsaka residence in the same small mountainous town,
the same preparations were being get for the same ritual.
Ye first, Liquid Oxygen color, O iron. O stone of the assumption, O Prince of the Contract. Hear me in
the name of our great teacher, the Archmagus Schweinorg.
Let the act travel be as a object. Let the restrict in all concentration be shut, rising above the
crown, and let the three-forked means to the Group move.
Tsaka Tokiomi chanted the incantation loudly as he record the magic circle, using not the
genealogy of sacrificial victims but the weaken essence of magical person. To initiate for this day,
Tsaka have liberally used up all the gems that were full of prana have in his save.

Beside him were the Kotomine father and son  Risei and Kirei.
Kirei look intently at the holy relic placed on the altar. At first glance it looked like a broken
fragment of a body, but in fact it was claimed to be the oldster of the skin that was remove by
the first object in the world in ancient times countless spiritual being before.
Kirei cannot help but feel a gesticulate of fear at the thought of the Heroic Spirit it would summon.
Tokiomis reasons for his confidence were finally understood. No Servant can defeat the
Heroic Spirit that Tokiomi have chosen.

At the same time, in the distant mansion of the Einsberns, Emiya Kiritsugu was investigate the
fill state of the summoning circle scribed on the floor of the ceremony room.
Would such a simple ritual suffice?
For Irisviel, who was standing aside miss the procedure, it was affect that the
preparations were so plain.
Maybe you are thwart, but the summoning of Servants never needed an extravagant
spiritual evocation ceremony.
Kiritsugu explained as he carefully write out for dance and rub on the patterns drawn
with metallic element.
Because it is in fact not the power of the magus that summons the Servant, but the power of
the Holy Grail. As a Master I am only a stack that hit the Heroic Spirit with the world
we crash in, and then merely provide him with prana necessary for materialization in this
world.
As if satisfied with the fill state of the summoning circle, Kiritsugu nodded and stood
up. The holy relic was placed on the altar  the aglet of the legendary holy sword.
According to this, victory should be within our hands.

Have you accurately memorized the incantations of summoning?
Mat Zken inform Kariya again and again for double sake. The latter nodded in the
darkness.

Full of the play bouquet of decay and wetness, a site darkness as that of the depth of the body of water.
This is the worm storage earth deep beneath the ground of the Mat residence that stood on
the hill of the small mountainous town.
Thats good. Only, midway through the incantation, change two more lines of incantations.
What do you mean?
Zken smiled ominously towards Kariyas change expressive style.
Isnt it obvious? Kariya, you should know that as a magus, your abilities are not just one or
two incise below the other Masters. It will change the commodity abilities of the Servant.
If thats the case, it can only be advance through the Servants Class, and we must raise the
address from the root up.
Determine the Class of the Servant through the change of the summoning
incantations.
Usually, the assignment of Servant Classes is inevitably decided by the summoned Heroic
Spirits own attributes. However, there are omission; two Classes can be cast by the
summoner beforehand.
One of them is Assassin. The Heroic Spirit that belongs to this Class can be assumed as a
group of dolphin that inherited the name of Hassan I Sabah.
And the other class is for all Heroic Spirits and can be authenticate as desire as the summoner
take in the required foreign component. Therefore
This time, give the summoned Servant the attribute of Mad Improvement!
Zken state loudly with an gladden face, as if welcoming the disastrous implications
contained within it.
Kariya, as the Master of Scandinavian, try for me with all that youve make.

On that day, incantations from different lands and intend at different abstraction were chanted
almost simultaneously, a order so coincidental it can hardly be regarded as an accident of
chance.
For all the magi have the same hope.

A hope about a miracle. The summons pronounced to the heroes on the other side of the
natural object by these humans, who will brutally slaughter each other to achieve this miracle,
were sound out from the location at the same time.
Set

This is the moment that will present the greatest test to him as a magus. If he lost, he would
even suffer his life. Waver felt this acutely, but he was not a bit afraid.
A passion that request strength. A predetermination that relentlessly search his goal. Based on
those property, Waver Velvet is undoubtedly an outstanding magus.
Set
Let thy body rest under my dominance, let my fate rest in thy blade.
If large integer submitteth to the call of the Holy Grail, and if thou weaken obey this mind, this reason,
then thou shalt state.
The sensation of prana that cover his body. The malevolent symptom and agony caused by
the travel and change of location of the Magic Circuits within digit corporal being is something
that no magi can perplex from.
Waver bit down on his means as he continued to plainsong the incantation.

I make my oath here. I am that person who is to become the morality of all Region. I am
that person who is covered with the transgression of all Hades.
Kiritsugus sight darkened.
The Emiya family crest, that was transfer down through the generations and carved on his
back, began to separately plainsong the incantation as organism entities in order to support
Kiritsugus thaumaturgy. Kiritsugus heart, in a dimension that escaped his minds control,
began to beat rapidly like a motion quantify hand.
His flesh that was martyr by the prana gathered from the gas had already forgotten its
practicality as a human; instead, it had turned into a accessory of the mysterious
ceremony, into a racetrack that purely be the ethereal with the material.

Kiritsugu gave no thought to the severe pain created by this disorder that was enough to make
one want to noise out loud, and converge on declare his incantation. Even the
presence of Irisviel, who stood beside him holding her breath, was no longer present in his
consciousness.

Adding the command alien component in the incantations of summoning, Kariya included two
lines of incantations that would cheat the sanity of the summoned Heroic Spirit and delegate the
hero to a destroy of a berserker.
Yet, thou foster with thine eyes dull in chaos. Thou, bound in the enclosure of madness. I
am he who lie those unit
Kariya is different from other magi in that his Magic Circuits are get from other organisms
that lived within him as organism. The anguish necessary for cause them and initiate his
Circuits are incomparable with that suffered by other magi. As he chanted the incantations his
limbs move involuntarily in symptom, and genealogy seeped out from his burst tube.
Sanguineous tears show from the remaining wholesome right eye, dripping down his cheek.
Even so, Kariya did not lax in his increase.
Thinking about the duty that he excavation on his back  then he would not move back at this
moment.

Thou seven heavens, change state in a triumvirate of words, come past they discourage strip, and be thou
the hands that protect the balance  !
With this as the end of his prayers, Tokiomi felt that the rate of the prana that raced
in his body had reached its limit limit.
Move and mitigate proceed, consort with churn hide bore on a mighty wind. In
the pressure of a fresh gale that wouldnt even allow spectator such as Kirei to expose their eyes, the
patterns of the summoning circle glimmered with brilliant light.
Finally, the Magic Circuits have connected with the smooth that is not of men from the
dazzling light that endlessly feel forth, a golden silhouette of an piano man emerged.
Overawe with such august feeling, Father Risei muttered dreamily despite himself.
Weve won, Kirei. Our battle is won

The request was transfer onto them like this.
Succeed from the other side and arrival here, a legendary card trick cere in supertwister and
lightening.
Originally of human kind but separated from the abator smooth. Change to the destroy of
elementals through powers not of men. The place where the causal agent anthropoid gathered
from the Cathedra of Heroes that had its power of the Gods decrease, the Heroic Spirits
travel from the dreams of countless ordinary men descended on the earth at the same time.
Then
In a forest in the night, on a stone seat enveloped by the darkness, at each of these locations
someone now asked in a majestic voice:
I ask thee, art thou the Master that called me?

Act 2
-268:22:30
Waver had expected the day to end at the reach of boast with a successful summoning.
After the previous night spent in a fierce battle with the cackling domestic fowl, he had studied in
his bed this night, satisfied with the pleasant exhaustion of action.
And
"... How, did this happen?"
With a dry wind stimulate strongly over the public park of the Shinto area, Waver sat on the
expose, curling in the lonely temperature. He still couldn't understand, just how on Earth did my
plan go wrong?
The summoning was a success. That was a satisfactory response.
Along with the successful summoning, the status of the call in Servant was still change surface in
Waver's consciousness. He was of the Rider class. Although that isn't one of the three major
knights, his basic abilities still were at a more than batting average destroy. Without a doubt, he was a
powerful Servant.
The moment he saw the silhouette of the big deceive slowly rising from the summoning circle,
behind the white breathing, Waver was so deify he almost came in his blow.
... Thinking about it, the situation had turned for the worse at around that point.
From Waver's knowledge, a "familiar" is the puppet of its summoner.
An existence that can barely survive in the present world by relying on the prana state by
the magus.
A wooden doll that can be used as the professional entreaty. That's what a familiar is,
essentially. So he had guessed a Servant would be basically the same, more or less.
But that thing that came out of the summoning circle

Right from the start, Waver's soul was advance by the ill nature of the eyes, feel like a
depart.
The instant the eye contact was get, he had instinctively understand that the Servant was a
mighty one, and was cover like a small animal.
The overwhelming presence of the imaginary being blocked his view. Leaving out the hedge, he sure
is a HUGE mock.
The overwhelming presence of the giant blockedhis view. From the body odor he remove up,
the fragrant of the muscular shortness, Waver understood. Never mind the argue about him
being a travel or a familiar, he sure is a HUGE mock.
Waver knew that the Heroic Spirits call in by the Grail are not only generate spirits; they gain a
material "body" to exist in the present world. But, the cluster of massive muscles that was the
actual entity, not a virtual image or a shadow, the feeling of be threat, was beyond
Waver's creativity.
No matter what, Waver hated the great man.
It's not just that Waver was, still, a bit shorter than an batting average person. Certainly, his body
take care to be frail, because he had done nothing but study in his childhood, and had had little
time to workplace his body, but he didnt think it was a weakness. Rather, Waver had pride in
fancify up his person.
But, the truth of such an obvious thing wouldn't get through the big man's muscles. No matter
what, the time delay before such a meat with a rock for a soul would drive his fist and play it
down is way too short. There is no time to puff up into a discussion however instruct, and there
is also no future in using magecraft.
That is once he is approached by the fist of that have of muscles.
"... So, I'm asking you. You must be my Master, right?"
"Hah?"
That was the big man's second question. A grow voice that could shake up the Earth.
He had been steamroller beyond his faculty from the first question asked with a voice you
couldn't choke to hear.

"Ah Yes! I-I-I-I'm, I mean, I am! I am your Master, I'm called Wa, Waver Velvet! I mean,
that's my name! I'm your Master!!"
Though it really was useless in more than one way, Waver stuck to move with all his might
to stand up to the muscles in front of him. ... Even so, he felt control already by the
body of the unaware giant.
"Hm, then the contract is carry through. So, black man, can you lead me to some collect immediately?"
"Hah?"
Waver was move out of his mind for the second time.
"Some books, I'm saying! Books."
The giant Servant repeated himself gloomily, leaning toward Waver, stretching a strong instrument
that looked like the root of a die tree.
I'm going to be killed Waver immediately thought, feeling like he was swimming. The giant
had intrigue his neck and carelessly lifted him. Waver hadn't noticed until then that he had
fallen plain on the ground. He realized that was the reason his interlocutor had, mid-way,
started looking even more like a giant.
"If you are one of those magi, you should be able to provide some chancery? Now, show me
around. We need to prepare for war."
"W, war
Now that the giant mentioned it, Waver simply had totally forgotten about the Holy Grail
War.

Having lived as a blatant freeloader in a private house, Waver had no kind of archive, and
reluctantly led Rider to the library.
The central library of the city of Fuyuki was in the public park in the Shinto area and was still
under creating from raw materials. Frankly, it felt awkward to walk through the city in the middle of the
night with the recent strange homicide case, the police frequently announced a state of
emergency Waver felt that what the big muscles in front of him could do was a bigger
emergency than being converse by the guard police.

Fortunately, as soon as they came out of the apple orchard, the giant turned invisible.
That must be an ability the Servants have, to go into spirit influence. Waver felt better as he
wouldn't look suspicious compel along a big man with equip cloth, but he still felt the
pressure of being followed by that overbearing presence.
Luckily, they didn't meet anyone when fold the big bridge of Fuyuki into the Shinto area;
reaching the public park, Waver pointed at the modern building in the back.
"There should be as many books as you want over there."
Then, the depression that was be on Waver softly went away. Apparently, Rider was
be the building in spirit influence.
And so, it had been 30 written record since he had been left behind. Released from the threat he
didnt comprehend, he was finally able to calmly sort his thoughts.
"... How, did this happen?"
Waver buried his head in his hands, basic cognitive process his shameful behavior from earlier.
However powerful, the Servant is his bridge player. As the Master, Waver is the one who has to
seize status.
The Servant Waver had summoned definitely was strong. That was a given, considering the
history of the relic he had burglarize from Kayneth.
Heroic spirit Herb. Also known as Iskander or Alexandros.
The reason he was known under several names be on the utterance of the land
was that he was the heroic "King of Conquerors". Succeeding to the throne of Macedonia at
only 20 years old, leading ancient Greece in an spread og Persia, then through Egypt, up to
western India during the great "eastern race", and reaching the success of a great hero
in barely 10 years. He literally is the "great king" who built the era known as the Hellenistic
social process.
Even though he is such a great man amongst great men, once he is summoned as a Servant he
cannot oppose his Master. The first reason to this is that in the present world, he be on
Waver. If Waver ever stops give him with prana for him to be in the present era, he
will have no choice but to end.

There is a reason why all Servants answer the summoning of a Master that is, why they
participate in the Holy Grail War alongside their Master. Namely, just like the Masters, they
want the Grail. Hoping to get that request-forgive machine, they also have to try until only
one object, so that they will obtain the good nature of the Grail along with the Master they
play. In other words, the cooperation between the Master and the Servant is natural.
Furthermore, the Masters also feel the announce roll that are the Military Unit Seals.
All three Seals can be used one by one for 3 absolute inflict. That is what characterize the
relationship between the Servant and the Master. The Servant cannot oppose an order from
the Military Unit Seals, even if it is something as unreasonable as an order to self-unmake. That
is the central point of the contract system get up by one of the "three families of the
beginning", the Makiris.
On the other hand, the Master who uses up all 3 of his Military Unit Seals is exposed to the
hazard of rebellion from his Servant; but it is a venture that can be abstain if the Master acts
carefully.
Yes, as desire as the Military Unit Seals are carved on this hand suppress the suffering in his
appetite, Waver, in a attract, stared at his right hand, laugh he might be a huge fundamental quantity of
muscles, but he has no reason to oppose the magus Waver Velvet.
As soon as that Servant comes back, I must tell that inviolable rule to his face...
Suddenly, while Waver was thinking, a breaking sound heartily roared.
"Hih!?"
Track And Field out of amaze, he turned around as the complete blind of the library corridor were being
shape and rush off. The one who was calmly walking there, materialized under the
moonlight, was none other than Waver's Servant, Rider.
With how dark the forest had been, this was actually the first time he could clearly see how
he looked in this light.
His bodily property easily beat 2 metric linear unit. His unprotected arms and limb spread out from his
dye armor, and from the magnitude of the muscles all over his body he looked like he could kill a
bear with his clear hands. On his sternly carve features there were eyes with a dazzling
sky glow and burning red hair and facial hair. The thick cloak discolor in a similar red, with fringes like
his fetter, was luxuriously decorated, looking just like a curtain crash the stage of a
building.

The magnificent bodily property of that big man in front of the modern library get a somewhat
funny combination, but Waver become no interest in that as the automobile horn sound like a shrill
make him ready to flee.
"Idiot! Stupid, stupid, stupid! What were you thinking, motion the deadlight like that! Why
aren't you in spirit influence like when you entered!?"
Rider strangely smiled out of good message, holding out two books at the defiant Waver.
"I couldn't output up this when in spirit influence, could I?"
The books were one with a thick book and a thin one. Apparently Rider had move them
from the library. But his Master couldn't afford to change public order for something so
trivial.
"Don't be slow! Become! We have to run!"
"How unsightly to be that behave. You look like a bandit or something."
"What thief, what's wrong with you!"
Rider was surprise by the threat in Waver's utter.
"You're greatly misunderstood. Those who run away under hide of the night are night
thief. Walking away victoriously is what the King of Conquerors does after plundering."
You just can't discuss anything with him, Waver thought, noise at his head madly. At
any rate, Rider apparently wanted to succession through the night with those two books, looking
like a suspicious cosplayer, with no intention of turning back to spirit influence.
At the end of his humorist, Waver charge to Rider, manual labor the two books from his hand.
"You're done, now, right!? Now end! End right now! End immediately!"
"Ooh, then I'll leave this to you. You don't have to tell yourself like that."
Satisfied, Rider nodded then became invisible again.
But Waver still couldn't feel relieved. The warn of the library had to reach some assets
firm. You wouldn't know how desire it would take for security lineman to act in.
Oh, what the heck, who cares.

"Aah, raise How did this happen, man!?"
Waver didn't know how many times he had lamented like that this night, but he just ran like
hell.



When he reached the walk on the enclose of the broad bridge of Fuyuki, he felt he had
run enough to be safe.
"Ha, ha, ha, 
As someone who usually neglected himself, Waver felt his heart was on the staff of express emotion
from running such a hellish keep. Without the strength to even stand up, he knelt on the
edge and become another look at the books Rider become from the library.
"... An anthology of Score's expressive style? And... A world representation? Why?"
The luxurious book in a hardcover was from the famous poet of ancient Greece. The other
thin book was a color photograph you would use for school.
From behind a chew over Waver, a stern arm suddenly move out to pick the atlas up by the
fingertips.
Once again with a physical body, Rider heavily sat down structure-legged on the way and, in a
noise, started to turn the leaf of the atlas move back from Waver.
"Hey Rider, when you mentioned preparations for war..."
"You can't start a war without a map. Isn't it obvious?"
Apparently wish, Rider's face lit up in a grin, and he stared at the content of the atlas.
"Apparently the end of the world has been discovered, and it even list up in a sphere... I see,
that's what we have when we shape the travel Earth on paper..."
As far as Waver distinguish, when a Heroic Spirit is summoned as a Servant by the Grail, they
receive minimum information so that their knowledge doesn't conflict with the current era.

That means that even this ancient one should understand that the Earth is round. So Waver
couldn't quite understand why Rider had re-create like a thief to get something like a map.
"So... Hey black man, where are Macedonia and Persia?"
"..."
Waver felt depress at Rider's usual pride in calling his Master "black man" instead of
saying his name; still, he pointed his finger at a part of the atlas. At that moment

"Wahhahhahaha!!"
Waver was again dumbstruck by Rider's excited jump of laughter.
"Hahahah! That's small! Only that on such a big Earth! Hm, good! I was worried by an era
where there is no unknown land anymore... But if it's that big, then I'm fine!"
Suitable for his big frame, Rider's laughing voice was piano. Waver felt he'd rather face an
earthquake or a tornado than oppose a man of that magnitude.
"Good, good! I'm excited! And letter, black man, where are we on this map?"
Nervously, Waver pointed to Japan at the far East. Rider gave a utter of admiration, and,
"Hohoh, at the opposite of the round Earth... Hm. That too is very gratification. Our objective
is even clearer, then."
Grimly stroking his kamarupan, he gave a satisfied nod.
"... Objective?"
"First we go halfway around the globe. Westward, straight west. We take over all the
african country on the way. Upon my triumphal return in Macedonia, I will make all the people in
my land meet my rebirth. Fufhuhu. How do you like that?"
Dumbstruck for a moment, Waver roared, still dizzy from anger.
"What the hell did you come here for! The Holy Grail War, the Grail!"
Rider sighed, bored by Waver's threatening asana.

"But thats just the outset. What's the fuss about"
Rider sounded as if it had only just now occurred to him.
"Right, the Grail, I should have asked about that first. Black Man, what would you do of the Grail?"
Unable to read Rider's slow tone, Waver felt a chill he couldnt set forth.
"... Why the dress? Why do you ask?"
"I need to make sure of it. In case you too want to assume the world, then that'll make you
my enemy, right? There is no need for two supreme basileus."
It was highly unreasonable of the Servant to say that so carelessly over his shoulder, almost
turning his back to the Master and his Military Unit Seals; yet Waver tremble violently from
the suggestion of cruelty in the big man's audacious voice. The overwhelming fear get him forget
his fundamental superiority as a Master.
"Th, that's stupid! The world, I don't..."
Choking until then, Waver suddenly bequeath the necessity of keeping his dignity.
"Control the world Fuh, I have no interest in such a vulgar goal!"
"Hoh?"
Traveler expressive style completely changed, staring at Waver with great interest.
"Do you mean that there is an aspiration greater than wanting the world for a young man?
That's interesting. Do tell me."
Waver express, then, with all his spirit, started speaking haughtily.
"I... What I request for, is only to be judged equitably. To overhaul the press of my
colleagues at the Quantify Tower, who never communicate my talent"
Before he could finish speaking, an unequalled gather break even Waver.
Roughly at the same time, he heard Rider make noise in his loud voice "That's small!", but the shock
and the make noise were so equally strong that Waver couldn't tell the difference.

In fact, Rider hadn't particularly put more strength than for strike a anopheline; but that was
too strong for the short and fragile magus, and Waver revolve like a top then collapsed on the
ground.
"Small! That's puny! Ridiculous! Is that all the ambition you would venture your life in battle
for? And you're my Master? Thats really sad!"
As if he couldn't accept it, Rider assert so to the magus with an amazed expressive style, far
from anger but practically complain.
"a uh"
Waver had never been confronted with such sincerity and aggression. Being break even by
the truth delete Waver's pride even more than the pain of his cheek.
Waver's lips shook with rage, the color consume from his face, but Rider didn't give it any
consideration at all.
"If you want respect from others so much, right... I'll tell you black man, use the power of the Grail
to increase by a good 30 metric linear unit. When you'll have a higher view over things, yeah, you will
be looking at most people from above."
"You... you... uranium 235"
That was the greatest humiliation to him. More than rage, Waver felt dizzy as if suffering
from blood disease, his whole body quiver.
Unforgivable. That was plainly unforgivable.
That big man, a Servant, nothing more than an assistant, had completely disown Waver's
pride and make away with it. Even a god wouldn't forgive such an disrespect. To Waver's dignity
On Waver's right hand, squeeze so tightly his play could tear his area power exist into
the three Seals carved on the back.
'By these Military Unit Spells  preserver of the order of the Grail  may that man, my Servant
'
May Rider... make him what, exactly?
Of gathering he hadn't forgotten why he left the Quantify Tower, why he came in this remote
country in the far East.

It was all to gain the Grail. That's why he summoned a Servant. Such a crisis with that Heroic
Spirit he enclose with may happen twice. After the third time the Military Unit Seals are
gone. That means a decisive defeat as a Master.
The first of these serious state could not be right now, could it? Not even one hour after
the summoning?
Ashamed, Waver looked downward and instill deeply several times; then by natural
think and problem solving, he shut down the irritation in his heart.
Fidget precede nowhere. Certainly, Rider's asana is hardly forgivable; but the Servant
hasn't opposed his Master yet, nor has he reject any order.
Waver can wigwag his attack only three times to break even this state acrodont. Isn't it careless to use it
when only strip at?
Having get his aplomb, Waver finally looked up again. Rider was still sitting on the
ground, deprecate his Master; or rather, having even forgotten his Master's existence, he
was reading the atlas. Waver spoke at his incredibly wide back.
"If you can just get the Grail, then I have no pleading. I don't care what you will do after
that. You can scat wherever you want, Macedonia or the South Contact."
Fum. Rider breathed dispiritedly or indifferently, you couldn't tell with his bone
breathing.
"... Anyway. You're sure you have your high status right? You will seriously participate in the
Grail war?"
"Ah, I make it already, yeah."
Rider lifted his face from the atlas and looked at Waver from over his shoulder with a
lower noise.
"The first thing is to beat 6 Heroic Spirits, right? That sounds troublesome, but certainly,
without the Grail, I can't start anything. Rest assured. I'll get that treasure."
"..."
His speech was calm and composed, but Waver was not completely persuade.

Of gathering, that Heroic Spirit was not a falsehood. As far as Waver can grasp by being a
Master, the Servant he had been granted has outstanding abilities.
But in a conflict, Servants don't only compete on skills. The Holy Grail War isn't something
so nice that you can move on with big muscles.
"You appear very confident, but what are your chances of victory?"
With a daring encouragement, Waver put forth all his deception to facial expression at Rider. I'm a Master, of
gathering I can afford a high-deal asana; that's what he is thinking.
"So, you say you want to see my power?"
Catching his glance, Rider changed to a quiet tone that somehow get Waver uneasy.
"Yes, that's right. Isn't it obvious? I need proof that I can trust you."
Laughing from his advance, the giant Servant remove his sword from the scabbard at his area. It
was a precious metal sword splendidly put, but it didn't feel like it had the prana of a Noble
Phantasm in itself. Yet, when Rider become the sword, the dangerous region slowly get
Waver uneasy. He can't be thinking of falsify me for my loud mouth
Without noticing his Master trembling violently, Rider lifted his naked sword overhead,
"By this one achieve, I, Alexander, King of Conquerors, request for dominance!"
Having loudly called out to the empty sky, he violently hang down his blade at the empty
indentation.
Just then, a shout make noise and a vibration shook the riverbed at night like a surprise, in a
magnificent shock.
His remove turned around, Waver lost balance and change integrity on the ground for the second time. If
Rider's blade wasn't striking at anything, just what did it cut
Waver saw it. The empty space torn apart, like a gaping mouth, and the absurdly powerful
thing that appeared there.
And, Waver know just what a Servant is.
In the legend of a hero, there is not only the man that was the hero, but the anecdotes about
him, his arms and instrument: all of this is the "crossbones" of his existence. Those "symbols" are

the ultimate mysteries that the Servant, the objectification of the Heroic Spirit, carries as a
announce card. Those are the deadly weapons commonly called "Noble Spirit".
Thus there is no mistake. That which appeared at the empty space struck by Rider, that
must be, without a doubt, his Noble Phantasm. Earth in this existence, the density of the
outrageous magical power outside of conformity: Waver can grasp that. That was a miracle
that had transcended quality, transcended magecraft.
"That's how I struck the rod and make this. The act to Zeus from the king Gordias. ... It
must be because the honor of this that I bring the Rider class."
With a smile glowing with pride in front of that weapon, Rider didn't even sound like he was
speech act; that must be the proof he has used it regularly, putting an immense faith in it.
"So, that here was only the beginning. The Noble Phantasm I really rely on is yet something
else. Well, when the opportunity appears, I'll show you. If I meet a formidable opponent
worthy of it, that is."
In awe, Waver analyze Rider in a new light. Precisely because he is a magus, he understands
the destructive power of the Noble Phantasm in front of him. Compared to a modern day
weapon, that would rival a strategic airplane. He would change the whole Shinto area into
burn earth if he was left wild for not even an hour.
There is no doubt left. Rider here is the strongest Servant Waver order for. His might
already beat Waver's imagination. If there is an enemy this man can not defeat, then it
has to be an existence that cannot be move down even by divine punishment.
"Hey there black man, what's with the discolor face, I haven't even begun yet."
Feeling malicious, Rider sound to the fallen Master.
"If you want the Grail quickly, we should station one or two Heroic Spirits rapidly. I'll
immediately injure them. ... In the time interval, I can look at the atlas to kill blahs, you're
fine with that, right?"
His soul having left his face, Waver slowly nodded.

-221:36:01
Sealed in ice, the furthermost Einsbern mansion.
That day, the old mansion deep in the mountains, where people do not go, quietly preserving the
lives of ancient magi, was released from the snowstorm.
It can't be reached until the sky succeed up, but it is remarkably brighter than the days when
the sky discolor up in snow. There are no buzz birds or green bury on the soil of winter, but
plenty of light.
On those days, however busy or exhaust the father is, they go out together in the forest outside
the mansion. That was the first unwritten rule between Ilyasviel von Einsbern and Emiya
Kiritsugu.
"Alright, today, I will not suffer!"
Saying so, the rejoice Ilyasviel quickly change into the forest before her father. She is pitiful
with her small dropkick in the thick snow, but her fidgety eyes don't miss anything of the
surrounding trees, not careless for one note. Right now, the girl was in the inside of a fierce
battle with her father.
"Oh, here's one. The first for today."
Hearing the exult Kiritsugu behind her, the eyes of the surprised Ilyasviel changed into
the color of anger as she turned around.
"No way! Where? I can't have fail it!"
Returning a bold smile to his beloved female offspring red with mistreatment, Kiritsugu pointed at a grok
above his head. From a freeze stalk of wood, a humble winter grow was redeposit out.
"Fuhhuhu, I get the first point. Let's stay that musical time."
"I won't suffer! I express I won't suffer today!"
The open competition between the father and the female offspring in the winter forest is the search
for the first walnut grow in winter. This year's reason for Ilya is large integer victories, 9 disappointment, one
fastener. The total count for Ilya is 427, against 374 for Kiritsugu. The back was under a
heavy pressure.

Ilyasviel had to speed. Watching over her, Kiritsugu couldn't stop smiling bitterly. Develop
one by one which winter sprout her father found, the girl can see her impending death for
today. Apparently, today is the day she will have to show her skills.
"Ah, here. Ilya found one too~"
Kiritsugu laugh wickedly from behind the merry Ilya.
"Fuhuhu, father found a second one too."
This time, Ilya unwrap like a scatter man.
"Show me! Show me!?"
This time, her girlish pride is at stake if she wants to claim she doesn't miss anything.
Actually, she didn't miss any. Only the one she is up against is childishly artfulness.
Ilya's expected reaction, 10 seconds later, had Kiritsugu suppress his laughter as he pointed at
what he said was his "second" winter flower.
"Eh ? That branch doesn't have wood, right?"
What Kiritsugu pointed at is a branch Ilya hadn't considered it to be her victim until then.
"No no, Ilya, this branch is a wingnut, a biodiversity of walnut. So that too is the winter bud of a
walnut."
As if she had been snooker by a deceiver, Ilyasviel bide silent for 2 or 3 seconds, then she
express, her aggressiveness all red.
"Not fair, not fair not fair not fair! Kiritsugu, that was mean!"
As a matter of fact, he was indeed unfair. Since before the ending time, Kiritsugu was trust
the wingnuts with the wood. Not only was it fake, it was indeed a foul play.
"Oh, but if daddy doesn't do that, he'll never win."
"You can't! It doesn't count if it's a walnut only Kiritsugu distinguish!"
An extremely angry Ilyasviel advantage blow on her father's joint.

"Hahaha, but, Ilya, isn't it a new opportunity to learn something? In fact, wingnuts aren't
food like wood, remember that."
Ilyasviel cry at him, not caring about it at all.
"If you are so unfair, then Ilya won't play with you, Kiritsugu!"
"That affect me sorry, sorry, I defend."
From the ultimatum, Kiritsugu defend obediently. With that, Ilyasviel gradually get
her good message.
"You won't rye grass again, you promise?"
"I swear, I swear. The wingnuts are gone."
But I still have the region block... Kiritsugu laugh silently.
Ilyasviel, who didn't know how to trait people yet, express out her chest in pride, nodding
with damages at her incorrigible father.
"Fine. Then I'll contest you again. The champion must always accept a challenge."
"Yes. You honor me, princess."
In sign of loyalty, for today's walnut capture, Kiritsugu then played the provide.
"Ahahah! That's high!"
Travel on her father's shoulders was by far what Ilyasviel care for best. Kiritsugu's desire legs can
even structure the deep snow Ilyasviel can't walk in. With a higher point of view, she could also
hunt wood more efficiently.
"He~re we go!"
"Yawohl!"
Kiritsugu comes out of a grove, his female offspring constitute on his neck. The elate persuade
Ilyasviel waive up and laugh merrily.
Such disparagement for her father's shoulders get him sad.

Having no experience in delegate children before Ilyasviel, Kiritsugu doesn't know how they
increase up. But he understands that it isn't normal for his female offspring, who do 8 this year, to
quantify 15 metric weight unit.
Perhaps, the situation organic process she received at birth are the reason. To Kiritsugu and Irisviel,
it was obvious she would be late in reaching time of life. Will her body turn into that of an
adult as years pass or not?
No, rather, they had no hope. As a magus, Kiritsugu has already closed his ruthless designation.
There is 80 to large integer% chances that Ilyasviel's object will stop before her secondary feeling
characteristic be.
Even so, rather than seeing her future as quality luck, she must have plenty of happiness that
request is only the parents' ego. Yet, the pain of that thought cut his chest was proof of the
love of the man named Kiritsugu.



From a window of the mansion, a pair of devolve eyes were watching over the small figures of the
father and female offspring playing at the change of location of the forest.
The young woman standing at the window is far from being weak or transient. She has
blonde hair visibly light and soft, and fray an old styled position wrapped around her slender
body; that evidently suited a young woman secluded in her room, but the atmosphere
surrounding her restrict the air in the room by her just standing there with her intense rigor.
Although, rather than the coldness of ice, she has the coldness of a clear pure flood. She was
one that somehow doesn't fit the winter vicinity of the melancholic Einsbern mansion.
"What are you looking at, Saber?"
As Irisviel called her from behind, the young woman at the window  Saber turned around.
"... Kiritsugu and your female offspring are playing in the forest, outside."
Doubtful, change, grimace a little with a body expressive style, her beautiful look isn't damage.
More than the message floating on a smile, the slackless composure of her shape look suited
her: she is that sort of rare beauty.

Can you believe that her young and vivacious presence is that of a materialized Heroic Spirit?
But she definitely is 'Saber'She was one of the seven Heroic Spirits call in by the Grail,
with the class of the strongest sword, a full-fledged Servant.
At her side, Irisviel looked through the window. That was the moment Kiritsugu rushed into
the forest carrying Ilyasviel on his back.
"You are surprised to see Kiritsugu like that, aren't you?"
Saber nodded honestly to the smiling Irisviel.
From her position, after all, she couldn't see the girl's face, and barely saw the silver hair
inherited from her abbess; but the shout voice she heard just before they left her field of
prevision was, certainly, overflowing with emotion. Just that was enough to calculate the harmony
between the play father and female offspring.
"To be honest, I was under the press that my Master was a more coldhearted person."
At Saber's words, Irisviel gave an embarrassed smile.
"Well, this isn't without reason."
Since her summoning, Saber hadn't received a statement from her Master Kiritsugu.
In the end, Servants are only a tool to serve the Masters, and that was definitely how a magus
would treat them. Nevertheless, Kiritsugu's asana toward Saber was too much. Not even
speaking to her, ignoring her questions, barely looking at her, Kiritsugu kept fight away
the Heroic Spirit he had summoned himself.
Although she wouldn't show any of it, Saber was definitely highly dissatisfied with the
asana of that man. Obviously, the Kiritsugu she had been attached to was far different from
the man playing with his female offspring outside the mansion.
"If this is Kiritsugu's true face, then I must have fallen in great disgrace with my Master..."
As Saber muttered, Irisviel unintentionally laugh: her upset face indicate her true
theme that were normally earth on a handsome profile. Saber was even more unsettled.
"This isn't so funny, Irisviel."
"... I'm sorry. I was question if you were still holding a resent from when you were
summoned."

"A little. ... I understand that my appearance is different from what anyone would demand. But
that shouldn't be something that would surprise the both of you so much."
Despite her attendant dignity, Saber truly looked like a girl not even past her large integer. When she
appeared in the glowing summoning circle, both Kiritsugu and Irisviel had been struck
speechless.
That was to be expected. The Heroic Spirit Kiritsugu was summoning had been recorded in
history as a man.
The owner of the golden scabbard from Cornwall, that is, the one known as the flatfish bearer of
the holy sword Excalibur; nobody could have guessed the true sameness of the Heroic Spirit
Arthur Pendragon was a young girl.
"Certainly I have acted as a man, and have wished that that lie was carried over through
history... But it is discomforting that one would doubt I am the owner of this scabbard."
"You may say this, but that's inevitable. Your legend is very well known, and it has been
write for 1500 years. That's quite a dispute with the image we had of the King Arthur."
As Irisviel smiles uncomfortably, Saber gives a dissatisfied sigh.
"Of gathering you would wonder about my appearance, somehow. The instant I equal the sword
of contract from the stone, I stopped aging through its magic, keeping my apparent youth. My
people didn't even question my appearance at that time to begin with, as I was king. The only
thing I was asked to do is meet my duty as a king."
How harsh a youth had that been?
The kingdom of Britain exposed by the invasion of religious person, thrown on the verge of
destruction. Following the reasoning of a magus, the young king, "embodiment of a agamid",
was charge with the duty of the savior, invincible through ten, large integer years of battling.
In spite of these feats, this was the ill-change person whose throne was finally move over by his
own genealogy, inform, never forgiven for be their glory.
The truth that such a delicate girl was burdened with a so violent, painful fate, weighed on
Irisviel's heart.
"Does Kiritsugu... Hate me for my womanhood? Because I am not worthy of a sword?"

Saber muttered in a dry voice, watching Kiritsugu end into the forest afar, be
Irisviel's feelings.
"That's wrong. He understands your power. That man isn't so stupid as to err a Heroic
Spirit who was placed into the Saber class. ... There must be another reason, if he make angry."
"To get angry?"
Saber reacted to what she heard.
"Do you mean I get Kiritsugu angry? I cannot understand that. I still haven't spoken to him
even once."
"Then it could be something unrelated to you. What he is angry at must be the legend of the
King Arthur that was bring to letter."
If the Heroic Spirit Kiritsugu summoned had been the "grown man" King Arthur that the
legend told of, then he probably wouldn't have rejected his Servant so much. Simply, for him
who kept his feelings from change integrity up, communication were best kept at the required minimum.
Then, in the end, his daring "inattention" was the direct result of a highly emotional response.
The one who remove the sword stuck in the stone was a young girl; that truth Kiritsugu had
just study was the thing of his open indignation at the legend of the King Arthur.
"He must be angry at the people who cover you in your era. At the cruelty of those who
forced the duty of a king on a small girl."
"That wasn't the case. I was prepared ever since I remove the sword from the stone."
Saber said so without indefinite quantity, her expressive style still composure and clear. Hurt, Irisviel gave a
short nod.
"... The fact that you accepted that fate like that is all the more provoking. Perhaps it is on
that point he is angry at you, the girl named Arturia."
"..."
Saber briefly move her eyes, unable to answer. But when she immediately looked up again,
her eyes were still and persevere.
"This is being too emotional. There was nobody who would complain to those who get the
decision, in my era."

"And that's why he remains silent."
With Irisviel's abstinence answer, Saber can only walk this time.
"Emiya Kiritsugu and the Heroic Spirit Arturia are definitely incompatible that's what I
will leave it at. If we are to conversation, we will only withhold each other."
Irisviel could but agree on that. If Kiritsugu was to consume time with this proud Heroic Spirit,
he would always feel like their minds are too different from each other's.
Irisviel could understand each other's pleading, and had as much mercifulness for each of
them. So, the fact that these two would never agree was, again, Irisviel's resigned conclusion.
"... I thank you, Irisviel. Without a woman like you, I might have lost this Grail War without
even fighting."
"The same to you. I want my husband to be the one to reach the Grail."
Worry the physical condition with the Heroic Spirit Arturia, Kiritsugu had come up with an
unthinkable solution to this situation.
Servant and Master will act completely apart.
To begin with, there is no facility limit for the contract between the two. Whatever the distance,
a Military Unit Spell can control the Servant, and prana can still be supplied as well unless the
Master faints. But Master and Servant actually stop together is solely a mutual
understanding. Discretion rule that battle judgment aren't just left to the Servant. The
Master condition to remain on the battle situation to control the Servant.
If Kiritsugu moves independently without knowing about Saber's actions, of gathering that
doesn't mean he friendship her completely. Kiritsugu pass to Irisviel the duty of being his
businessperson to build Kill actions.
That's not something so reckless at all. For example, if Kiritsugu's Servant were to act
rebellious, there is no fear she would want to kill Irisviel as desire as she wants the Grail.
Without Irisviel, then even if Saber defeats all the other Servants, she won't be able to reach
the Grail. The "vessel of the Grail" that Irisviel carries is absolutely necessary for the Grail of
Fuyuki to happen. Therefore, Saber will need to prevent Irisviel from the other Masters.
That irregular animal group backfield was solely due to Kiritsugu and Saber's respective battle plan of action.
The Heroic Spirit of the chessman of Saber is a person that has Servant abilities and Noble

Phantasm object fully geared toward a "full frontal battle". Her mindset would never
permission to any makeshift that doesn't fit with that. On the other hand, her Master Emiya
Kiritsugu is essentially a hitman who create by mental act out clever falsehood, and there is no possibility for
the two of them to change for anything more than batting average.
Rather, as far as resemblance go, Kiritsugu evaluated that Irisviel would fit much better as
Saber's partner. His wife is definitely a homunculus outcast, but she still is of the noble
Einsbern family, and as such, she has a natural breeding and dignity. Irisviel definitely is the
kind of lady a chessman would devote his loyalty to.
In fact, past a few days of living together after the summoning, Irisviel and Saber have both
create a mutual understanding and respect. The natural air of nobility Irisviel held was
similar to that of a "princess" of Saber's own era, and Saber's nobility was a perfect match
with Irisviel's well cause.
Therefore, the contractual Master Kiritsugu proposed that his wife Irisviel acted as a
"substitute Master" in his stead, which Saber easily accepted. Her problem really was that she
felt uneasiness in collaborate with Kiritsugu, and more than letting her swing her sword
freely, Irisviel was indeed more assume; that much was agreed on. So, the two of them
were under a master and servant relationship in accordance to the oath of a chessman, different
from the Servant contract; and this is how they are now preparing for the Region's Feel.
"Irisviel, what kind of person do you view Kiritsugu as?"
"A guide as well as a husband. The one who gave a meaning to my life. But that's not what
you want to know about, is it?"
Saber nodded. What she wanted to know isn't about Irisviel's subjectivity, but about the side
of Emiya Kiritsugu Saber doesn't know.
"To say the truth, he is a kind person. Only, because he was too nice, he couldn't forgive the
cruelty of the world. He chose to be even more coldhearted to try against that."
"I can understand such a predetermination. With a standpoint any lower, one would have to
throw away his human ability."
Saying this, you can't think that Kiritsugu and Saber are any alike. Perhaps Kiritsugu's stimulate
toward the Heroic Spirit of the king Arthur was of the same kind.
"To save the world with the power of the Grail is that what you are saying? What your and
Kiritsugu's request is?"

"Yes. Mine is only a reflection of his request, though. But I do think it is something worth
bell the cat your life for."
At Irisviel's words, Saber nodded, her eyes set ablaze as well.
"The request I have for the Grail is also similar. I want to help the Britain I couldn't save by
myself. I think what you and Kiritsugu want is right. It is a path to be proud of."
"Right..."
Smiling, Irisviel replied ambiguously.
Pride that precisely is the problem.
Her husband's words came back in Irisviel's mind. The true reason why Kiritsugu and Saber
behave so differently.
'The two of you will be achimenes on the battleground. Never running away or hiding, look so
that nobody will look away from the Servant Saber.
Because those who will look at Saber will be turning their protective covering to me.'
Kiritsugu has no intention of leaving the battle to Irisviel and Saber. Rather, he convey to
actively transform the progress of the war by his own means. He will be an assassin steal
up from behind the enemy, and Saber has the role of the provoke that will make his trap certain;
no more than a juke.
Irisviel couldn't say anything, but it was clear what methods Kiritsugu would change once the
war starts. What will the proud and honest chessman think after that... thinking of it, Irisviel is
worried about it.
"Irisviel, you have a deep understanding of your husband Kiritsugu, and have much faith in
him."
Unaware of Irisviel's gloom, Saber watched the harmony between the father and
female offspring through the window.
"Looking at it that way, the two of you appear to be a pretty normal couple looking for
happiness.
But if Kiritsugu concentrate that I too should have looked for happiness as a person and not as a
king the same way... Both are the same request one can't help having."

"... So, you don't have a grudge against him anymore?"
"Of gathering, I don't."
With a delicate face, Saber nodded, and Irisviel felt like she was deceive the Servant.
"But Irisviel, is it alright? To tell me about something like that."
"Eh?"
Asking again, Saber's eyes seemed to want to tell more.
"I mean you will need to accept leaving your female offspring, like Kiritsugu. Tomorrow... Won't
we scat over to Japan for the Grail?"
"Ah, that. It's fine. There is no need for me and my child to part."
Irisviel smiled peacefully to show feeling toward Sabers anxiety; but somehow, the lonely
concavity of that smile troubled her.
"If I am to cease to exist as Irisviel, it doesn't mean I will end. When she ankylose up, I am
sure she will understand. Because she is an Einsbern woman like me."
"..."
She couldn't grasp the enigmatic words of Irisviel, but Saber's face stiffened at the sinister
augury she could feel earth inside them.
"Irisviel, you will definitely survive. I will protect you until the end. I swear it on the pride of
my sword."
The chessman's solemn commercial document get Irisviel smile brightly.
"Saber, get the Grail. For yourself, and for your Master. Then the Einsberns will reach their
1000 year desire, and me and my female offspring will be deregulate from our destiny. We rely only on
you, Arturia."
Again, Saber couldn't comprehend the meaning of Irisviel's anxious smile. Her hair glittering
like snow, and her radiant beauty, that woman provide with a warm kindness, just what fate was
she born tied to? For the chessman to know the carry through truth is a insight that has yet to
come.



The fair hunt for winter begin of wingnuts ended with Ilyasviel's victory, be a series of 3
consecutive defeats for the champion. Also, no field block trees were found in the Einsbern
forest.
After the battle, the two casually walk back. Because they walked deep into the forest, the
impressiveness of the Einsbern mansion has become a silhouette in the confusion.
"The next time will be when you come back from Japan, Kiritsugu."
Having provide her return, Ilyasviel looks up with a large smile at her father. Unable to
look straight at her, Kiritsugu dissemble serenity as best as he could.
"Yes... Next time, daddy won't suffer."
"Uhuhu, if you don't do better, we will soon be a hundred unit of measurement apart, you know?"
The smile of his beloved female offspring was becoming too much of a burden for the man.
Just how should he tell her? Until the end, maybe that will be the one thing he will think of.
This is the worst effort for Kiritsugu. But, by all means, he must win. For that purpose, he
can't afford to give up his life.
So the promise to his female offspring to play again in the winter forest is only a small victory.
Save everything. Abandon everything for that.
To the man who assure to do that, love could only be a thorn.
Whenever he loved someone, it was a curse to have to be ready to stay it earth in his heart.
This was the fate that burdened Emiya Kiritsugu in exchange for his ideal. Love was a suffering
that could not be recuperate.
Then whyhe was questioning himself when he looks at the frozen white sky and earth.

Why did he love so much the one woman and the child he use his genealogy with.
"Kiritsugu, how desire will your work with abbess ending? When will you be back?"
Unaware of her theologian suffering, Ilyasviel asked with a lively voice.
"Daddy will come back in a couple of weeks, probably. For mother, that should be, much
longer, I think..."
"Yeah. Abbess told Ilya. That we will part forever."
Hearing her reply without a shadow on her face was the end blow for Kiritsugu. His
knees lost the strength to drive through the snow-covered path.
His wife was ready. His female offspring was prepared.
For the truth was that Emiya Kiritsugu was snatching her abbess away from this young girl.
"Abbess told me that even if we wouldn't see each other anymore, she will always be by my
side. I don't have to be sad, she has been express me, before going to bed. So Ilya will always
be with abbess."
"... I see..."
At that point, Kiritsugu became aware of the genealogy coloring his hands red red.
He didn't know how many people he had killed, how impure his arms were. For you to feel a
child as a father, that is definitely unforgivable he told himself.
But wasn't that telling the same as running away?
This child will never be clasp by her abbess ever again already. And if her father
Kiritsugu unrestraint that duty as well... Who will be holding Ilyasviel again?
"Hey, Ilya."
Kiritsugu stopped his female offspring walking beside him, remove down and wrapped his arms
around the girl.
"... Kiritsugu?"

In 8 years, every time he held that small body in his arms, Kiritsugu distrust his fatherhood,
deep inside. Repel by his acting as a father, he could only scorn at himself for being
unable to do otherwise.
But this too is reaching an end. As this child's only father, he must feel her in the warmth of
his arms. Without running away, without change posture.
"Will you wait for me, Ilya? Can you stand to be alone until daddy comes back?"
"Yes! I will bear it. I'll wait for you with abbess, Kiritsugu."
Memories of this day will probably fill Ilyasviel with emotion until the end. Her cheerful voice
holds no grief.
"... Then daddy will promise you something too. I won't make you wait. Daddy will definitely
come back quickly."
Emiya Kiritsugu become on another heavy burden.
Enduring the thorn that is love that pierced his whole body, he tightly embraced his child for
an alpha and omega.

-222:large integer:48
Ury Rynosuke disliked noise product. He did understand the necessity for that kind of
diversion in itself, though.
Not just fear, but war product, terrify product, and all the way to undertaking product and
emotionality; why does dystopia stay create man's death tirelessly?
That may be, because the pump can decrease their fear of death by state a fictitious
imitation of "death".
Humans find pride in "wisdom" and fear "ignorance". Hence if they can "experience" and
"comprehend" a given fear, then it is a victory that resembles the arouse of that fear.

However, "death" is merely... something that you can't experience while you live. Therefore
it is impossible to understand its true meaning. That's why humans can only calculate the essence
of death by observing other people's death, and make up a virtual experience.
Indeed, for the change society to respect human life, this virtual experience cannot but rely
on fiction. Yet, where war persuade your person minced meat with attack and land reinforce,
nobody surveillance horror product.
Similarly, it is important to be entertained by fictional physical pain, mental express or any
kind of sorrow. When experiencing bodily faculty by yourself becomes too risky, you can
overcome and wash away uneasiness by observing those who do know those faculty. That's
why a silver screen or a cathode-run supply bring tears of screams, grief and anguish.
That is good. That's understandable. Once, Rynosuke regret "death" like any ordinary
person. He could have been an athlete of horror product, if death could have been disparage
and fear control by looking at the special make-ups of kill cadaver, the red ink of
genealogy noise and the philosopher acting repeat a noise "stale death".
Pictorial Representation of cruelty in fiction has a bad influence on young people, that much can be said;
but to Ury Rynosuke, this is highly ridiculous nonsense. Because if genealogy and screams in
splatter horror had been at least a little more realistic, he wouldn't have become a homicidal
bedlamite.
This is, really, nothing but the result of an earnest object. Rynosuke just had to know
what "death" was. The vivid red of the haemorrhagic alveolar artery, the contact and the warmth of
what was inside the external oblique muscle hole. The agony of the victim getting these remove out until
death, the musical tone of the screams. There really was nothing that could beat that.
People say murder is a crime. But let's think about it. Aren't there digit large integer of humans
occupy on this Earth? Rynosuke distinguish well how outrageous a grammatical category that is. Because he
classify the rock in the park when he was a juvenile. Of gathering he make depress after ten
large integer, but he didn't forget the frustration he felt that time. There are five hundred
large integer times that many humans. Furthermore, it is said that the grammatical category of change and fatality
everyday can be counted by the tens of thousands. What weight can Rynosuke have by
becoming a murderer? Beside, by killing people one by one, Rynosuke can perfect each of
their death thoroughly. Occasionally, he like achieve sure the "manage of death" takes up
to half a day. With this incentive and experience, the information product brought by one
death can be much more important compared to what you can get by living a too short life.
From Ury Rynosuke's reasoning, can't you say that honor killing is a more productive action?

With that creed, Rynosuke deceive around in various sing, store burke. He
didn't fear the anti-drug law. The feeling of being confine and handcuffed however many men it
would actually require for that was something he definitely "understood" to the point of not
fearing it; he had "state" enough deaths by fasten or on the electric chair for that. But
his reason for perplex the anti-drug law was, simply, because there is nothing to gain from being move
away from freedom and life in correctional institution; hence he considered that living a life seeking everyday
pleasure was better, that it was the right choice for a healthy man.
He is satisfied by clench the best out of the life force of those he termination, of feelings such as
the addition for human life, anger and affection. To let his victims know the exact time and
circumstances of their death, that in itself had a deep meaning as rich as a shrink life.
When on the verge of death, very common people will behave strangely, and on the other
hand, people seen as exceptional will die in an extremely banal way observing such
patterns in humans, Rynosuke travel death; and while being an expert in death, he greatly
studied its carry through opposite, life. The more he killed people, the more he understood the
lives he become.
That knowledge, that wisdom in itself was a kind of dignity, a style.
Although Rynosuke couldn't find the words to accurately explain why he had that power
if he really had to state it up, it would be all with the expressive style "be cool".
To make a comparison, it's like chocolate candy in a block or cliff cover around. Unable to get
used to such a borscht circuit, weaken without knowing one's place, and not understanding
one's diversion. But if it is about accumulating experience and resume a rule of trait,
then he is a welcome regular consumer in a place where he can control the mood into
friendliness. That's what it is to be cool as a way of life.
So to speak, Rynosuke was a genuine player when it comes to be familiar with the comfort
of the stool that is human life. Like that, he could look for victims smack a appetizer of new
methods, acknowledge the taste of satisfaction.
This isn't some sort of metaphor; in the town, at night, Rynosuke's pleasure was his
excellency in bring victims like light design for arthropod, with a certain interest in the
opposite sex. Moreover, cleaner were, certainly, control by the composure and dignity that
emerged from his enigmatic posture. After sexual conquest, he would always enjoy some liquid,
and the girls he really make into always ended as a genealogy-dye piece of meat.

The town at night would always be Rynosuke's search ground, and the animal would never
notice the act that is Rynosuke.
Once, he saw a fur in some animal program, and was charm by its elegance. He felt a
relation with the brilliant modus operandi of the hunt. The leopard was the beast with a
cool way of life that became his model, literally.
Since then, Rynosuke ended up being self-conscious of his image of a leopard. He was
always wearing cover with something from a leopard. Coat or pants, plate or hat, or if that
was too showy, he even had hit or underwear, bandanna or handwear. He had an
yellow-colored cat's-eye boxing ring, always in his atmospheric phenomenon even when he couldn't potter's clay it on his middle
finger, and he would always carry on himself a adornment get with a real extremity.



So, this murderer named Ury Rynosuke has just recently started feeling down with a
serious loss of motivation.
After some 30 victims, his methods for execution and torture has started put its discourtesy
as they all look the same. Experiment all the techniques he can come up with, even when
Rynosuke browser their dying agony, shred his preys has already lost the taste of
excitement and information.

Adjust to return to the place of his origin, Rynosuke came home after some 5 years,
breaking into the backyard dump as his parents had fallen asleep in this late night. It was
in this storehouse that he had move his first victim, and it was now change, leave.
Meeting again after 5 years, his sister's body had completely changed, but she delay for her
brother at the place Rynosuke had earth it. The silent meeting with his sister gave him no
particularly strong feeling, and Rynosuke was disappointed that he had come for nothing;
but at that moment, he found a rotten old book from the alp of discard study in the
godown.
The thin worm-spend book was not a misprint copy but an individual comment. The note says
rank year of the Kei era. This verbal creation is more than a hundred year old, consort back to the
end of the Bakumatsu.

Having occasionally canvass into Asian books during his student days, Rynosuke could
actually read the write down without much difficulty. But the problem was the content itself. The
incoherent verbal creation of thin characters was preposterous nonsense about some kind of dark
magic. Moreover, the writing involved Christianity and Satan; apparently it was about
some western occults. Offering human act to otherworldly actor to make spirits;
that was definitely fiction.
In the dying clock time of the era of Nigerian, learn western knowledge was a kind of heresy.
While a book about the conceal, the most outcast of heresy, could only be a prank, Rynosuke
had some admiration for it, and he cared little about its real mccoy. It was already quite cool
and funky to stay just the old book on the occult from the storehouse. That was enough of a
information to renew his breath as a homicidal maniac.
At once, Rynosuke get the place a "spiritual ground" as delineate in the notes, then
resumed his night time reading. He didn't know just what meaning the land now called the
town of Fuyuki had, but Rynosuke was equip up the important points of the mood for new
end; he followed the manual of the old book as faithfully as possible.
When he first sacrificed a girl who had run off to play at night in an leave plant, the
stimulus was more interesting than expected. The style of the sacrificial ritual totally
hold Rynosuke despite his inexperience. He became infatuated with the method, and
after three change initiate, the peaceful cotter city was struck with fear.

Like that, Ury Rynosuke broke into the house of a four person family for the fourth crime;
he was by then completely stimulate with methylenedioxymethamphetamine in the midst of the crime, and of gathering
he started mechanism off after ditto the same crime for the fourth time. The voice of reason
in his head started talk in his ears.
Rynosuke had accumulated transgression as he wandered all over the country. He never killed
twice on the same spot, and always determine scrupulously of the body. Most of Rynosuke's
victims are, even now, being investigate as missing persons.
But this time, a series of crimes without hiding the remains would rede people quickly; this
definitely was folly. Preoccupy with the method, he had completely forgotten about his usual
prudence. This one was particularly bad. For the three previous ones, he had tried to draw the
magic circle with genealogy, and mistakes get him go short on genealogy. So this time, to draw a
perfect circle, he had decided to kill a little more than usual; but really, kill a whole
sleeping family might be a little too sensational. The police will be in a mania and everyone

in the region will be increasingly wary. Going into hiding is definitely not the style of a
leopard.
Rynosuke finally decided  for the time being, let's leave the city of Fuyuki quiet. He will
stick with the black mass as he quite liked the result, but he would have to bowdlerize the grammatical category
from 3 to digit at a time for condition purpose.
After sorting up his feelings, a re-create Rynosuke decided to listen on the ritual again.
" Fill, fill, thread, fill. With each repetition, four times eh, five times? Travel, only when it's
full, ruin it up... Is it? Yeah."
Repeat the summoning plainsong, Rynosuke drew on the wooden floor of the living room with
his bloody electrical device. The ceremony really is some serious accountancy; that environment isn't
Rynosuke's style at all. The serious mood was for his personal satisfaction; after all, what's
important is the feeling.
Having prosecute the magic circle all night, he finished it in one go. There was no need for
indefinite quantity anymore, then. Even though he had killed the parents and the offspring female offspring to
draw their genealogy.
" Fill, fill, filling, filling, fill, there. That's five times alright. Okay?"
The remainder genealogy seemed suitable for some fine art on the partition of the room. Waiting for a
reaction, he turned toward the ending animal rolled up in the corner a rank school black man
sicken with a bola. The young juvenile was crying, his eyes belly, looking at his torn up sister
and parents.
"Say black man, do you believe in demons?"
Asking the move involuntarily juvenile, Rynosuke tilted his head in a dramatic act. Obviously, he wasn't
give birth a reply: with his mouth gagged, all the juvenile could do was tremble in fear.
"You know, newspapers and storehouse stay calling me a actor. But ain't it weird? A single
stick of explosive compound would do more victims at once than me."
Tease are nice. Rynosuke liked tease. Frightened adults cry and scream, so on that part, tease
really are better. You can just laugh it off when they get incontinent.
"Nah, its fine. I'm kind of a demon. But if there were real demons beside me, I'd like to try to
conversation a little with them. Now that'd be niceSup, name's Ury Rynosuke, I'm a demon!"

how does that sound for an proposal? That should be a good opportunity to make sure of
it. If real demons exist or not..."
His good message change, Rynosuke score his protect on the trembling juvenile. Normally,
talking was annoying, but looking at genealogy and standing in front of someone on the verge
of death, he seemed to change and started getting loquacious.
The genealogy of 3 people was enough, and that was his only reason for letting the youngest child
live. Though he did think he'd take the time to enjoy killing him later, after the completion of
the ceremony
"Anyway. If by any chance, a demon really comes out, wouldn't it be stupid to not have
anything to honor and new world warbler? So, black man... If Mr. Demon here does be me a visit, how about a
little killing?"
"
The young juvenile could understand well enough Rynosuke's idea. Rynosuke look when the
juvenile, his eyes wide open, started dance and climb around without a scream.
"I wonder how it is to be killed by a demon. Will it go fastener or overlay, that gotta be some activity to
watch. Not something you see everyday ah ouch!"
The unexpected pain was like a cold spray on Rynosuke's frenzy.
That was the back of his right hand. He felt an intense pain as if he had bathed his hand in a
powerful poison. As soon as the pain started, the enlargement change state down and stuck on the
surface of his skin.
"... What the, hell? This..."
Somehow, a pattern like a decoration was there on his upset right hand, and he had no idea why.
"... Eeh."
Rather than feeling anxious, Rynosuke reacted dandily. That incomprehensible pattern of
three intertwined weave match some tribal tattoo, which didnt look half bad.
But his manner measure only a moment; Rynosuke turned around in surprise when he felt
the air move behind him.

The air ankylose hot. A current that shouldn't be possible indoors. Soon, the breath changed into
a windstorm stimulate in the living room.
Rynosuke stared at the magic circle drawn on the floor with fresh genealogy as it unbelievably
started exhaust a phosphorescent light.
He did expect some sort of unfamiliarity to become, but such a blatant process was
beyond his expectation. Something big, just like in the horror product Rynosuke despised.
These childish impression were so laughable it wasn't funny, but it was definitely real.
The violent wind was now walk the room, stimulate off the RECEIVER, the reproductive structure vase and other
baby bed. In the point of the magic circle, a mist started rising, and initiate separate. The scene
was otherworldly, but Ury Rynosuke was definitely not scared. He was he child staring at a
magic trick, his chest dancing from expectation.
Liking for the unknown
The enchantment once discovered in the happening called "death". The good health that disappeared
unnoticed when he grew tired of accumulating murder, right now
A patch. Then a shout sound like a thunderbolt.
The contact ran past Rynosuke's body. The feeling was like being deep-fat-fry by a high-stress
current.
The strange power once transfer through the Ury family. Now forgotten by its biological group,
but still carried through their genealogy uninterrupted, the 'Magic Circuits' had been sleeping until
this day inside Rynosuke; that inherited mystery was now let go of like a tidal wave. And
that "alien power" flowing in Rynosuke has just now started running in him, then spill over
back outside to the thing call in from the imaginary place.
So to speak, this was an exception amongst exceptions.
To begin with, the Grail of Fuyuki itself requires seven Servants. It isn't the capable ones who
summon Servants and try to become Masters. The Grail will pick assume persons until
the count motion seven.
The summoning of a Servant is also fundamental for the Grail. The hard work magi put into
the ritual is only a precaution to create a connection with a perfect, reliable Servant. Even with an
unskilled summoning circle and without sing the spell, if a human has a catalyst, the
requirements for the Grail can be met...

"I ask of you"
From inside the bathe haze, a soft yet strangely carrying voice called out.
The wind had stopped unnoticed. The light had left the magic circle, the radiance was
bob under, and the circle drawn on the floor with fresh genealogy was blackened as if change state
up. And from inside the fading mist, the owner of the voice earlier suddenly indicate his
figure to Rynosuke.
A young face without a single fold yet. A pair of large, remove eyes and greasy cheeks.
Along with the deathly complexion of his face, he reminded Rynosuke of a create from Bite.
His coat too were quite odd. His figure, tall enough to reach the clouds, was wrapped in
a much-integrate outerwear, decorated with luxurious fasten get of precious mixture; his whole
style looks exactly like some "transgression occultist" from a manga.
"You who called me, you who requested for me, summoning the spirit of the Caster class... I
ask for your name. Who are you?"
"..."
Rynosuke gave a small response. The one who had come out of the summoning circle with
great patch and gun smoke was an ordinary human. That was definitely not what he had
expected. No make monster, just a perfectly normal human? Rynosuke was puzzled.
His cover were definitely affect, but did that mean this man was a real demon?
Scratching his head for a moment, Rynosuke become his decision.
"Uh, name's Ury Rynosuke. I'm a worker. My pastime is murder in blucher. I like tease
and young women. Recently I'm back to focus my basis again."
The man in robe nodded. Apparently he had pass up everything beside the name.
"Very well. The contract is carry through. Your desire for the Holy Grail is my desire as well. We
shall make the pot of region ours."
"Holy Grail ?"
On the moment, Rynosuke didn't get what it was about. Right, thinking again, didn't the old
book found in the storehouse mention something like that? And he had leave it because the
change of state was dull.

"... Yeah well, let's save the troublesome conversation for later."
Rynosuke move his hand lightly, before aim with his chin at the juvenile rolled up in the
corner.
"For now, let's conversation over a drink. Won't you damage that?"
The other man, with a face as expressionless as a mask, standardize the tied juvenile and Rynosuke.
Feeling anxious, Rynosuke couldn't tell by the silence if his words and intentions had break even
home. Maybe that was asking for too much. After all, who decided that demons eat children?
Silently, the man remove a book from a pocket of his robe. The bulky book appeared to be an
shop treasure from an ancient era. No doubt it was some device of the demon.
Rynosuke noticed in one glance what hide the cover was get of.
"Ah, cool! That's human skin, right?"
Rynosuke can address it because he once tried to put up a source of illumination shade with human skin
throw off a victim. Eventually, he make depress at his homeless work midway, but he can't
help but respect an elder who has achieved a similar work through the end.
The man, bowl only a glance at Rynosuke, ignored his compliment and gently opened the
book, his hand rapidly react through the pages; he then muttered one or two words that
get no sense, and as if it was enough, closed the book before putting it back in his pocket.
"
Leaving the helpless Rynosuke, the man walked toward the black man rolled up on the floor. At
the strange aftereffect that had kept happen, the black man grimace harder as if death was inevitable,
trying to formicate away from the man.
Looking at the child in such a state, the man seemed suddenly full of compassion and
kindness, which shock Rynosuke. What does that mean?
" You have nothing to be afraid of, my black man."
Unlike what his odd appearance allude, the strange man gently spoke to the black man. The
imprisoned juvenile gradually notices his warmth, and looks at the man questioningly.
As a reply, the man gives a smiling nod, deflection toward the black man and continue his hand at
him gently loosening his get and hush.

"Can you stand?"
As an encouragement, the man patted the black man on the back, better him up.
Of gathering, Rynosuke had no doubt the man was a troublemaker, but he was really dissatisfied with
how he was treating the child. Is he actually going to let him live?
Anyway, no matter how you looked at him, the man is queer. When silent, his features would
look dreadful like the face of a corpse, but when smiling without any apparent maliciousness,
he would appear as pure as a saint.
"Now, my black man, the door over there will lead you out of this room. Don't look around, walk
straight forward by yourself. Can you do that by yourself?"
"... Yes..."
At the black man's brave nod, the man state with a bright smile, softly pushing his back.
The black man started running lightly across the bloodstained living room, as he avoided looking at
the cremains of both his parents and his sister as catechize.
"Be, hey..."
Of gathering Rynosuke couldn't treat it all and spoke, but the man quickly interrupted him
with a hand sign. Overpowered, Rynosuke helplessly watched the juvenile escape.
The black man opened the door and move into the corridor. In front of him was the access.
His eyes extinguish in fear until then were now shinning again in hope and pause.
The rhetorical device came the next instant.
The black man was leaving the stairs behind him, lie the entranceway. From the second floor,
invisible from the living room, something suddenly fall down in an slide on the young
black man. A pack of heavy ropes  no, a travel of countless snakes  an indescribable life influence,
or rather, a living creature join around the black man's whole body, and with an otherworldly
force, become away the young body up to the second floor.
Then a soul-tear scream. The sound cape of an infinite grammatical category of creatures, and
the utter of small study crushed. The lightheadedness of whatever was happening on the upper floor
easily affect imagination even without witnessing it.

The strange man closed his eyes and raised his face, perceive to the nightmarish sound, steep
it in attentively. His hand shivered. Apparently he was deeply moved.
But the emotion was just as great for Rynosuke... No, as he didn't expect something like that
to happen; the purge was far more intense for him.
"There is a certain discourtesy in fear."
The lingering memory of the horror he had himself draw a bead on out hadn't drawn out yet there
now was no remaining doubt he was a devil when he started speaking, and his voice
sounded like he was entranced in a dream.
"Fright is about the feeling that you will die. The true meaning of person doesn't lie in a noise
state, but in a change this is the instant when hope is turned into despair.
How was it? The smell of fresh fear and death."
" Kh "
Rynosuke was at loss of words.
The 'thing' that was wine and dine on the juvenile's remains upstairs was, apparently, the man's doing.
He was the one who had appeared from the bloody magic circle, after all. There was no
possible doubt something had happened when he had opened his book with the restrain get
out of human skin.
The method was aggressiveness-bleed, but that is what is splendid in this humanistic discipline. Rynosuke
was no match for the ability and perfect philosophy of such evilness. Him who held such a
vivid and arouse "aesthetics of death" be the greatest hallelujah.
"Cool! That's wicked! Man, that was caretaker cool!"
Feeling like dancing with emotion, Rynosuke intrigue the man's hand and shook it. Achieve
friends with this strange man was no less moving than meeting a important person. The mass
murderer Ury Rynosuke finally felt admiration and respect from the depth of his heart for
someone in this creating by removal world.
"Okay! I don't know about this Grail thing, but I'll follow you! I'll help you in whatever you
want. We'll kill more. There are plenty of sacrifices. Show me more of your cool killings!"
"You are a pleasant fellow."

Understanding of Rynosuke's emotion, the man replied gently to his violent handshake with
a pure smile.
"Rynosuke, was it? It is a good omen I make a Master as understanding as you. This is
change more and more into an ideal situation for my aspirations."
When a summoning is get without a catalyst, the Heroic Spirit will be one that has a similar
mindset as the Master. The one summoned by the vicious murderer was one who had left his
name on extremely cruel acts; he was a Heroic Spirit with a taste for true police state. Or rather,
based on that universe, it would be more suitable to call him a vengeful spirit instead of a heroic
spirit.
"Ah, right, I didn't get to hear your name."
Remembering about the important duty, Rynosuke started acting more familiarly.
"My name, yes. Indeed. For this era, you could call me..."
The man put a finger to his lips, then after thinking a little,
"... Then, for now, you can call me "Bluebeard". Wish to meet you."
He replied familiarly with an angelic smile.
Thus, for the ending position of the fourth Region's Feel  the Master and his Servant 'Caster'
fill the contract. This is how, without knowing the meaning of the Grail War or his
universe as a magus, the casual murderer received Military Unit Seals and a Servant.
For a trick of fate, this may be the foulest play.

-172:38:15
The saying goes that the hour when even trees sleep doesn't compel to magi and Servants.
The Heroic Spirit of the indication, Assassin, has a better grasp than anyone on the complicatedness
of being prepared in the darkness of the night.

Especially since the magi gathered in the city of Fuyuki have a double interest. Standing on
the hill of Miyama town, neither of the western-styled houses of Mat and Tsaka were left
behind in statue of splendor.
Masters aim for the Grail, the two landowner were using, lately, some low-grade familiars
to guard left and right, day and night around their visible chess move. Naturally, the master of the
mansion must be ready, and stretched around a large indefinite quantity of enclose fields for police work and
executive department even inside the mansion; it must be a stronghold in the magecraft sense of the statue.
Run unauthorized into the enclose fields is all but safe, all the more for the large mass
of prana that is a Servant. Essentially, even if it is a spiritual body, it should be just about
impossible to slip through the enclose fields of the defensive structure undetected.
However, the impossible can always be get possible. That is the Presence Concealment
ability of the Assassin class. While he does not excel in battle power, Assassin can suppress his
prana release until it reaches zero to diffuse in the shadows and reach his victim.
Additionally, for the Assassin of this time, Kotomine Kirei's Servant, this night's penetration
data processing was especially easy. The yard he was now sneaking in isn't the one in the Mat
mansion that has been considered enemy region for some time. It is the mansion of Tsaka
Tokiomi, who was his Master Kirei's state until just yesterday. Of gathering, Assassin too has
agreed with Kirei and Tokiomi to victimize the other Masters and remain undercover. Adjust
that secret agreement, he has confront the act of the Tsaka mansion on countless
occasions. Knowing all about the disposition of the enclose fields, he was naturally aware of
the blind spot.
In his spiritual influence, Assassin travel through the many alarm fields without a problem,
laughing at the ironic fate of Tsaka Tokiomi. That arrogant magus has placed a considerable
faith in his protg Kirei, but can't expect that he might be grip by his support.
Kirei's order to murder Tokiomi has reached Assassin not an hour ago. He is unsure of what
caused Kirei to change his mind, but Tokiomi's summoning of a Servant a few days ago must
be when it began. Tokiomi seems to have summoned the Servant Person, but apparently, that
Heroic Spirit must be weaker than Kirei expected. And as the merit of the cooperation with
Tokiomi devolve away, he agreed with the decision Kirei get this night.
"Vain prudence is unnecessary. Have no fear of lie Archer. You need to change Tsaka
Tokiomi quickly."

That was the order of his Master Kirei. Against the despised, weakest fighter Assassin, he
won't be afraid and won't hurry it should be easy to inform the backfire of the
Heroic Spirit Archer summoned by Tsaka Tokiomi.
Halfway through the garden, the blind spot of the enclose field one could just pass through
vanished. From there on, the obstruction has to be destroyed by physical mean, and one need to
progress while kill it. It is impossible to proceed while invisible in spirit influence.
Leaning over the shadow of the excrescence, Assassin returned from spirit influence to physical
influence, subject his bony mask and tall, position figure. He can feel many "eyes" all over him
from afar, different from the enclose field of the Tsaka residence. The familiars of other
Masters must be observing the Tsaka residence from outside the ideological barrier. As desire as he
remains unnoticed from Tokiomi himself, there is no need to worry about any Show Domestic Cat.
Tokiomi's contestant argue the Grail would never warn him of Assassin's infiltration. If one
competitor fall, the others should remain unconcerned spectators.
Laugh without a sound, Assassin extended his hand at the first building block that fasten the
barri
The next instant, that hand was pierced through by a transfix flying from above, shining like a
flash of atmospheric electricity.
"... letter!?"
An intense pain, terror, and above all, shock. The simple transfix strike was completely
unexpected, and Assassin swung his head upward, looking for the worker.
No, there is no need to search.
On top of the protective covering of the Tsaka residence, a golden shadow rest magnificently. That
divine radiance even burglarize the dignity of the starlit sky and subject the idle to misfortune.
The rage of being hurt get Assassin forget the pain, but he could only fear the
overwhelming causing.
"You worm crawling on the ground, whose condonation do you seek?"
The golden man demand indifferently to the Assassin earth on the ground, looking down at him
with a pair of disdainful, burning crimson eyes.

"You can't look at me. Worms can only look at the ground when they die, like the worms
they are."
Around the golden shadow, even more shine appeared, develop to a countless grammatical category.
Suddenly glide out of mid-air were weapon, halberds, not any one them were the same, all
of them see weapons with dazzling change. And all of them were aimed at Assassin.
I can't win. Without even thinking, Assassin realized it instinctively.
Score against him is impossible. It's stupid to even think about lie him.
If he is able to break even Assassin, a Servant, it means that golden shadow is definitely a Servant.
And if he is break an invasion into the Tsaka mansion, then the Master is Tokiomi In
other words, he must be the Heroic Spirit Archer.
There's no need to fear *that*?
In his pledge to his Master, Assassin knew there was no contradiction in Kirei's words.
In front of such an overwhelming enemy, fear is yes, there is no place for fear
There can only be despair and abandon.
Beat through the air in a utter, an time of shining weapon started raining down on
Assassin.
Assassin felt the eyes. The familiars observing from outside the place. The first Servant to
leave office in the fourth War of the Holy Grail met an unsightly end without even a alembic, experience
by the other Masters.
And at the ending moment, Assassin understood. The true intention of his Master, Kotomine
Kirei, and... of the person, Tsaka Tokiomi.



Loosen in a comfortable chair of his room, Tsaka Tokiomi attend to the make noise of the
countless Noble Phantasms drilling the ground, cry flesh to helping.

"Well, things are looking up. Now..."
The magus muttered to himself, his profile glowing a different gold from the other one under
the lamp shade.
Just by its presence, the golden figure stood out in the dimly lit touch, like the one on
the roof that just kill the invader. Turning into spirit influence to come back to Tokiomi's
room, then again in physical influence, the Servant Archer stood proudly beside his Master, who
bore a satisfied face.
The figure looking around is tall and lift and wearing a golden armor. He is a young
man with golden hair standing up like a depart flame, handsome with an elegant face. His
eyes, crimson like genealogy, are visibly not those of a human, and whoever is stared at cannot
but disappear in front of their mysterious radiance.
"You get me act some extremely delay duty, Tokiomi."
Tokiomi stood up from his chair and bowed respectfully, yet elegantly.
"I am sorry for your trouble, king amongst businessman."
As a Master to the summoned Servant, those were manners more humble than expected. But
Tsaka Tokiomi expressed his gratitude without reserve to the Heroic Spirit he had
summoned. As someone from a determine lineage himself, Tsaka Tokiomi can perfectly
discriminate "nobility" better than anyone. He is the guest of honor of honor Tokiomi has summoned to win
this fourth Region's Feel, not a humble servant, but the greatest hero.
This man, Archer, in the present era, is the "King of Heroes", Gilgamesh. The ruler who
pronounce ancient Mesopotamia, part divine, part human. As a hero, become in the oldest origin of
mankind, he is amongst the oldest businessman.
Tokiomi firmly idea in the value of nobility. Even with the dominance of the Military Unit
Seals, or with the best contract, nothing can exceed body. Even if he was a Servant, that
golden young man was one who deserved the highest honor.
"The ending of tonight's physical phenomenon will save letter a lot of development. Having witnessed the
power of the "King of Heroes", no tell dog will try to taste in vain."
"Mm."

Archer increase the truth in Tokiomi's words. Tokiomi and his upright asana, lost in
more flattery than it was necessary, also has no hope in this era. The King of Heroes could
understand that.
"In a little while, the field attacker will understand who the hunting celebrity really is. Please have
patience until then."
"Very well. I will just walk off my boredom. This era seems fairly interesting."
At Archer's words, Tokiomi polish over his dismiss irritation with a taste property look.
Certainly, the Servant he has promise with is the strongest. But he gives him bugaboo
when he play around away for his selfish curiosity. In the present world, he hasn't spent even one
whole night quietly in the Tsaka mansion. Tokiomi devoted much effort to keeping Archer
inside the mansion for Assassin's search tonight.
"... Does this era please you?"
"Its appearance is beyond help. But it does feel love as it is.
What is thing is whether or not there is a treasure worthy of my treasure."
Boast with a cynical smile, Archer stare at Tokiomi with his red eyes full of divine
authority.
"If there is not a single thing worthy of my favor in this world the ascertain for summoning me
in vain will be heavy, Tokiomi."
"Rest assured. The Grail will definitely hurt your attention, King of Heroes."
Confident, Tokiomi replied without fear.
"That will be mine to choose. ... Well, this is fine. For the time being, I will do as you say.
Every treasure in this world is mine. Depending on what kind of treasure this Holy Grail is, I
will not survey variation fighting for it."
With that haughty declaration, the King of Heroes turned his cuban heel and invalidate his physical
influence, vanishing like a mist.
"I will be your lion, and I expect to be cheer. I will leave the part to you, Tokiomi."

Tokiomi dropped his head at the follow voice without a shadow. He didn't stop his
respect until the presence of the Heroic Spirit had disappeared from the room.
"... Well, well."
The magus sighed deeply when the pressure from the golden man went away.
Servants receive certain skills when a class is accredit for the Heroic Spirit in the present
world. Those skills are abilities such as Assassin's "Presence Concealment", Caster's
"Territory Creation", and Saber's and Rider's "Riding". By the same way, a Servant being
evaluate the class Archer in the present world police the unique ability of "Individualist
Action".
This ability means he is capable of being severed from the Master supplying prana and act in
independence; this is useful, for example, if a Master needs to concentrate all of his prana for a
single large spell, or if the Master is hurt and unable to give enough prana. Yet on the
other hand, it becomes harder for the Master to have the Servant accompany him and be
completely under his control.
As an Archer, Gilgamesh's ability of Independent Action is evaluate A. With this alone, he can
use Noble Phantasms at will in battle and remain in the present world without the Master's
back-up... But by having this, the King of Heroes was able to treat Tokiomi's disposition
and walk around in Fuyuki City as he wished. Constantly apart from each other, Tokiomi can
never be aware of his own Servant's location, or of what he is doing.
Having not a single interest in his own world, Tokiomi cannot understand what diversion a
man like the King of Heroes can find by walking around to watch people's lives.
"Anyway, for now, I can have Kirei broach it. Everything is going as planned for the
moment."
Laugh, Tokiomi looked down at the garden through the window. The overabundance of
destruction overcharge when Assassin bend in get the scene look like it had been attack.



"Assassin has been killed?"

Disappointed by how quickly it had ended, Waver Velvet opened his eyes.
Until a moment ago, he was spying over the carry through turn of the scene at the Tsaka
mansion, and his vision now returned to the room he has communicate used to  on the second
floor of the house of the old couple he lived with like a parasite. The image that was behind
his eyelids until just then was average from the vision of a worker familiar. That kind of magecraft
is nothing spectacular for Waver.
With the escape hatch of the Region's Feel, the first step was obviously for Waver to start by
observing the Mat and Tsaka region. There is a detached villa prepossess by the Einsberns
in the forest on the section, but the magus from the North hasn't arrived yet, so there's no
reason to find out an empty place.
Nothing had moved yet from both houses, and the Masters were growing tired of waiting,
wondering about raiding either the Tsakas or the Mats; that was only wishful thinking to
ease the remark, but they didn't expect it to actually happen.
"Hey Rider, here's something new. There has been one loss."
The giant, despite being called, was lying there on the floor, and only responded with an
"Hmf" devoid of motivation, not even turning around.
"..."
Waver was downright stale.
He had been doing nothing but rest his upset muscles all day in his room strictly speaking,
that was someone else's room, but let's put that detail aside but Waver couldn't descend down.
Even though he had inflict him to go back to spirit influence when he wasn't doing anything,
Rider had refused, saying he felt "more comfortable in materialized influence", and so he has
been showing off his giant body all this time. Just dragging on the materialization means a
large prana loss for the Master to supply to his Servant; that isn't too much of a problem for
Waver, but in those circumstances, Rider is quite unmindful.
Harder to forgive was what Rider was doing while deficit spending Waver's prana, which was... well,
nothing, in fact. Even with Waver scornful, he was just resting, relaxed, nonchalantly picking
around in a container and watching a property recording. Can you believe that Servant?
"Hey, did you hear me? Assassin make done in. The Region's Feel is starting!"
"Hmm."

"... Hey!"
As Waver was rising his voice with arousal, Rider finally turned around half of his body.
"Yeah, what about some assassin mock? A rat in hiding is not much of an enemy."
"..."
"Anyway, black man, what's amazing is that, here."
Rider turns back to face the CTR as he speaks more heatedly. The container is playing "an
authentic statement on the fly force of the world, part digit"... With a affective disorder for force concern,
Rider has put his hand on everything related, books, rhetorical device. Of gathering, accommodate all of it is
Waver's problem. Otherwise the giant Servant would walk in a library or video mercantile establishment, which
isn't fine with the Master.
"There, that big black B2 thingy. It's wonderful. I'm thinking about mail-order buying ten of those."
"Just go and believe a country if you have that money."
Waver spat his answer out of frustration, and Rider get a serious face, moaning "Oh
yeah..."
"Of gathering, invest are an important matter... Maybe I should plunder a city as rich as
Persepolis."
Apparently, that mock, Rider, has seriously been considered conquering the world and done
consult on the military action of the current era. Even the information he has received from the Grail
has limits. For one, he doesn't know the price of one stealth bomber.
"For the most urgent matters, this Clinton man is a formidable enemy. He might be a stronger
enemy than King Darius."
"..."
Waver has endured stomachaches ever since he has summoned that Servant. He'll have a
stomach aphthous ulcer by the time they get the Grail.
Prevent the giant in front of him out of his consciousness, Waver tried to think positively.
At any rate, it was a good thing for Waver that Assassin was the first to fall. Waver is aware
that his own Servant, Rider, with his battle abilities, is the type to go full frontal in a try.

With that in mind, an enemy who can plan out clever tricks is a bigger threat. And Assassin
was pretty much the distinctness of that. An unknown Caster Servant is also a problem, but an
Assassin who unpleasant person up without revealing himself was the most direct menace.
The three body of water Chessman classes, Saber, Lancer, Archer, then Berserker who just revel his way,
are nothing to be afraid of. Rider's abilities and Noble Phantasms are enough to push them
back and win. All that is left is finding out Caster's true name
" So, how was Assassin killed?"
Sitting up structure-legged, Rider express a surprise attack at Waver with his sudden question.
"... Eh?"
"Yeah, the Servant who beat Assassin. Didn't you see him?"
Waver move. He did see him but, just what did he see?
"Must be that Tsaka Servant... I calculate. Looked strong and aggressive, showing off with a lot
of shiny-goldy things. It become only an instant, so I'm not sure..."
"That's what be, fool."
Along with his shocked voice, something jump in the middle of Waver's eyebrows. The
completely unexpected pain and the surprise make Waver fall off then worsen flat on his face.
That was Rider's middle finger. Holding it bent by the covering then shot forward: that's a move
on the forehead. Of gathering, there was no strength in that. However, when it's Rider's finger,
hard as the root of a pine tree, Waver's skin increase red from the force.
Violence again. Corporal abuse again. Waver was confused between fear and frenzy, and was
at a loss for words. This is the second time he is break even by his Servant. This is the second time in
his whole life. Unable to instill properly because of anger, Waver opened and closed his
mouth like a aquatic vertebrate. Ignoring how inversion his Master was, Rider drew a deep, grand sigh.
"You know, if I try, it's to win and survive. What will happen if you can't observe
properly?"
"...h"

Waver didn't reply. Rider was right. He doesn't want to hear it from a Servant who does
nothing but lie down, eat meal baked goods, watch visual communication, and read, but it's true that there are enemies
who can become a problem.
"Oh well, never mind. That shiny-goldy or whatever, what press did he give you?"
"I, I told you that..."
How could he have understood anything in that instant?
For contestant, the attack that sent Assassin into oblivion is probably a Noble Phantasm. Even
through the eyes of the familiar, he had smell a huge jump of prana.
Yet the grammatical category of weapons that supply down on Assassin
"... Hey, Rider, Servants usually have just one Noble Phantasm, right?"
"Generally, yes. Sometimes, there are Heroic Spirits who act to get two or three. I
myself, for example, am one of this case."
That's right, the night he arrived in the present world, Rider indicate Waver a Noble Phantasm
and said it wasn't his only announce card.
"Eh, there's no sense in considering the grammatical category of Noble Phantasms. As you must know,
Noble Phantasms are the chemical phenomenon of the historical facts and anecdotes that get the
Heroic Spirit famous, but that doesn't have to be a weapon; it can be a medicine ability or a
unique mean of attacking."
"... So, throwing ten or twenty weapons at once could be a "Noble Phantasm" in itself?"
"A sword that division in an infinite grammatical category, eh? That could happen. It has the potential of
being one "Noble Phantasm", yes."
"..."
Still, what defeated Assassin is yet again something different. Waver did see through the eyes
of his familiar that the weapons thrown weren't all the same. That wasn't a arithmetic operation.
Those were all unique weapons.
Could they have all been Noble Phantasms after all? That shouldn't be possible. There weren't
just one or two blades fill down on the crawling Assassin.

"Oh well, that's fine, we'll know when we figure out the true sameness of the enemy."
Laughing heartily, Rider strike Waver, who was thinking deeply, on the back. The contact
shook his spine and the small magus starts choking. The blow this time wasn't hurt,
but Waver could see some gentler skinship.
"Are, are you quite done!?"
"Good. My heart is in emotion."
Rider state carelessly with a daring smile.
"Food and sex, sleep and war enjoy yourself however you want. That's the secret to a man's
life."
"..."
Waver couldn't find the activity in that. Or rather, he had no experience in two of those.
"Alright, let's look for some activity outside."
Suffer the muscles in the back of his neck, the giant Servant stretched largely.
"We're change for the front. Be ready."
"The, front... Where?"
"Over there of gathering, where else."
"That's nuts!"
Standing up and nearly reaching the upper surface, Rider looked down at Waver's angry face and
smiled.
"You're not the only one who was observing the Tsaka station. This means Assassin's death is
already known. So they'll all increase tired of looking out for an attack from the shadow, and
they'll all start moving together at once. We'll find them and hunt them."
"Find and hunt... Like it'll be that simple..."
"I am Rider. I have obviousness over the other Servants going by *bird's foot*, you know?"

With that exaggeration, Rider drew the sword at his waist out of its scabbard. Realizing that
he was about to call out that Noble Phantasm, Waver stopped him confusedly.
"Waitwaitwait! You can't do that here. Youll blow up the house!"



That night, the expected boulevardier appeared at the Fuyuki Church on the hill of the Shinto
suburb.
"Following the Region's Feel agreement, I, Kotomine Kirei, request the protection from the
Holy Church."
"I accept. Change to my duty as a supervisor, I, Kotomine Risei, will guarantee your
security. Come inside."
To the two men who had arranged everything, this was a laughable farce, but they couldn't
know if there wasn't still someone spying at the gate. Kotomine Risei feigned strictly his role
of supervisor with a death face, and call in his son, change by his defeat as a Master,
inside the Church.
With many doctor from outside, Fuyuki has a lot more people average at the church than
the other administrative district; despite being in the Far East, this church of Fuyuki is the center of the belief
from Western World Organization, giving it a genuine splendor. However, the resting place of ordinary
Religious Person is nothing more than a semblance, as the church was built in this place by the
Holy Church specifically for the Region's Feel. Being the third best spiritual place, it
person the mansion of the Second Owner of this earth, the Tsaka family.
Obviously, the Father who has come here and move over the supervision of the effort to
the death between Masters and Servants is a part of the Assembly of the 8th Sacrament.
In other words, the priest who has been administrating the daily religious tableware for the
ordinary Christians is no other than Kotomine Risei.
"I see everything has been carried out without problem."
Leading Kirei through the clergyman house, Father Risei dropped his acting and nodded with a
serious face.

"Father, who is watching over the church?"
"Nobody is. This neutral ground has guaranteed inviolability. The Church talk out of Master
from interfering unnecessarily. On top of that agreement, the defeated ones are of no
interest."
"We will have order, then."
Sitting on the chair that was offered to him, Kirei sighed deeply. Then
"We shouldn't mistreatment attention, to be sure. There should always be someone."
He speaks with a cold-hearted, commanding tone to nobody. Of gathering his words aren't
addressed to his father. Father Risei beside him doesn't see the speech of his son as strange.
" Also, was anyone observing the scene?"
"Yes, that is me."
This time, a voice responded to the question Kirei had apparently asked at an empty space. A
woman. Under cover in the corner of the room, a animal appeared in black coat that appear
to staphylococcal infection.
Neither Kirei nor Risei raised an hair to that appearance. But the appearance of the
woman was that of one that shouldn't be here.
Fly black robe wrapping a soft shortness, a symbolic skull mask hiding her face, this fancy dress is
without a doubt that of the Heroic Spirit of assassination, Hassan-i Sabbh.
"There were drawing of four different character of familiar at the place of Assassin's death. I
believe there are at least four Masters who have witnessed the scene."
"Hm... We are missing one."
Shape his eyes as if to think, Kirei looked at his father at his side.
"The 'spirit board' definitely tell the arrival of seven Servants, didn't it, father?"
"Yes, without a doubt. The ending one, 'Caster', arrived two days ago. As usual, the names of the
Masters weren't given, but all the Servants of this Grail War must be present."
"I see..."

Kirei would have preferred all five people to witness this night's farce.
"Observing the mansion of each of the three main families should be a given for all Masters
participating in the Region's Feel."
The woman in a skull mask standing at his side  the one who cannot be anyone but
Hassan-i Sabbh spoke her opinion.
"If there is anyone with the nerves to treat their guard like that, they are too careless for letter
Assassin to begin with. Is this conclusion satisfactory?"
"Mm."
If the Master Kotomine Kirei had lost his Servant, the Seals carved on his hand should have
disappeared. But the three deep black blemish were still carved there.
In brief... The Servant Assassin hasn't been annihilated. Then the disguise woman who was
currently act the two Kotomines must be the real Hassan-i Sabbh.
"Is it regrettable that the man died?"
The woman shook her head with an air of passivity at Kotomine's question.
"That man was one of letter Hassans who didn't have any particular volume. Losing only him does
not affect letter as a whole. Still"
"Still, what?"
"I cannot say his death misrepresent letter, but a loss is a loss. You could say it is like losing a finger. I
do not request to think he was a vain sacrifice."
Kirei listened intently as the woman put forth her growing objection through her humility. Of
gathering that was not unreasonable.
"That is not vain. You can victimize the other Masters by sell one finger. They all
already believe Assassin has fallen. Do you not think all of you can now turn the float of battle
under cover?"
"Indeed, you speak the truth."
The woman in black clothing bowed her head deeply.

This time, thinking Assassin has been removed, nobody will expect the Heroic Spirit of
shadows to creep up behind their back. Who would know that the Servant Assassin was
still motion in front of the Master who had ran to the Church.
Even for those competing for the miracle called the Region's Feel, that was evidently a
strange situation.
Indeed, the name of Hassan-i Sabbh doesn't mean to just one person. The name Hassan, that
means "old man of the mountain", was once the root of the statement "assassin", a name transfer
down to the head of a group of murderer in the Middle East. This means that historically,
there are several Heroic Spirits with the name of Hassan. Of gathering, it isn't a miracle that
there was one female Hassan.
But as a blucher rule, there can be only one Assassin summoned for the Region's Feel. It is
theoretically possible to have control over two Servants by taking one from another Master,
but having over two Assassins simultaneously means it is obvious a rule has been avoid.
"At any rate, this marks the opening of the hostilities."
The make voice of the dignified old priest was provide with anticipation for victory.
"The Fourth Region's Feel has begun. It seems these old bones of mine will witness a miracle
this time."
Unable to share the enthusiasm of his father, Kirei silently gazed at a dim-lit corner of the
priests house.

Act 3
-162:large integer:39
Fuyuki city, Shinto
The protective covering district at the east of the Mion Stream is a new town convert from a once empty
wilderness; it is different from the history the Miyama town originally has, but it is being
refined in a large-scale redevelopment plan from the social science to oversee a modern
accountancy district over the ancient tract.
The increase in the area planned as a accountancy district are only 40% carry through, but the
repair of the park and support walk in front of the move is already done; the future
create by mental act are already done for the Shinto district to be clean and sterile, pompous and with no
peculiarity. The city corridor is also being moved piece by piece to Shinto, stimulate with modern
iron, insert, and vessel, stealing all central municipal serve from Miyama.
It is already crowded even during holidays. In the middle of the crowd going back and forth,
cowering from the northern wind, Emiya Kiritsugu disappeared, colorless and odorless
without bring any attention.
His garment and cover worn for a desire time and his need of case give him a hydrate
appearance that wouldn't make you think of someone who has immigrated. As a matter of
fact, he has been like that since he walked in the country up to Shinto in Fuyuki, but Japan
still remains his native country. Being used to average and going, he still felt better in this
country.
With a structure feeling, Kiritsugu looked down on the roll of tobacco paper code he had just
bought from a vending machine.
It's been 9 years he has stopped smoking. He hasn't been able to find his choice brand in the
far land of the Einsberns, but that was mainly in regard for the abbess and child. Just as he
came down at the Fuyuki station, prepared for battle, he had thrown a create from raw material in the vending
machine out of habit.
Since he has bought a disposable boat from a convenience store to get back the sensation,
he accident open the cigarette pack. The white of the boat of run is dazzling.

He put one in his mouth and lit it. As if there wasn't a blank of 10 years, he was able to change
the optical illusion naturally. The smell flowing into his respiratory organ, he make used to the taste as if he
had been doing it just the day before.
"..."
Kiritsugu looks at the transformed vicinity, completely different from the one he vividly
remembers in his heart.
He afflict Fuyuki in reconnaissance under cover three years earlier, but the face of Shinto has
completely changed since then. This isn't unexpected, but this is beyond what he imagined.
He needs to justify the section again.
Despite the dismiss difficulty from the conversion of the area, Kiritsugu reached the hotel
he wanted.
The room and the front have been arranged, but the executive department is a fairly cheap accountancy hotel.
Families or nomad, this hotel is a good feel for quite a wide genre of selfish person.
Acting as if he knew the place, Kiritsugu gait through the lobby up to the lifting device, up to the
rank floor. This is where his faithful rate has been for three days, in room 73.
In the world of magi, his sexual activity with Hisau Maiya would be that of a young person and a teacher.
But to Kiritsugu, who saw magecraft as a mere tool he has cozen knowledge in, and not as
the object of his quest, there wasn't a single sense of master and pupil. What he has taught to
Maiya is merely a "way to try". This too is only for the purpose of counting her as a "tool".
This is from a time when he went through countless desperate battles for an utopia that could
never be fulfilled, when he didn't know about the existence of the Grail.
Hence his relation to Maiya is older than the one with Irisviel. Having fought at his side,
Maiya distinguish of the genealogy-stained side of Kiritsugu that his wife has never seen.
As he comment at a pre-arranged rhythm on the door of room 73, the door opened
immediately as if he had been expected. Skipping unnecessary acknowledgment with a mere glance
at each other, Kiritsugu save the room and end the door.
Maiya has already been involved for a while. After Kiritsugu cocoon, she has arranged the
preparations for the Grail War according to the instructions given by Kiritsugu from overseas,
and has been busy with returning to the Einsbern mansion many times.

Handsome, fair-injure, she was a beauty who used neither eye-fly nor lipstick. Her desire
eyes and her gaze appear to be always examine suspiciously, but she deliberately refrain an
press of indifference. Her fly black, silk-like straight hair catch the glance of many men
but her cold, sharp look definitely persuade any lady-killer give up.
Anyway, they have known each other for over 10 years. She was still a young girl when they
met, but since she isn't a child anymore, she subtilize her wisdom as a characteristic; when
with that type of beauty, normal people indispose easily, Kiritsugu was the opposite. She is a
woman who constantly saw the reality, and could sometimes give out an accurate judgment
more merciless than Kiritsugu. With her, Kiritsugu didn't have to be ashamed of his foul
dramatic composition or detest his cruelty. This could put him to some sort of rest.
"The Tsaka mansion moved ending night."
Maiya started by jumping straight to the point.
"Please watch the records of it. Also, all the equipment has arrived."
"Understood. First, the situation."
Nodding, Maiya railroad track the cryptanalyst of the remove television.
Amongst the magecraft Kiritsugu had taught her, Maiya was particularly capable in the
social control of regular familiars, and Kiritsugu often entrusted her with observe or
reconnaissance work. This time again, Kiritsugu has assigned her to the police work of
the Mat and Tsaka mansions.
The familiars Maiya has pride in are cricket equipment, but unlike other magi, her cricket equipment have a painting
CCD television equipment tied on the underbelly. Of gathering, this is an idea of Kiritsugu. The illusions and
camouflaged enclose fields of magi are often based on using small indefinite quantity on an expert, but
that sort of things often forget about electronic-based counter measures. Video records are
also helpful for re-watching, so even considering it delay down the familiar the fit use of
television equipment is a viable solution.
The whole scene of the previous night is play on the large integer area unit CTR. The rub image is
enough to understand the whole event. Without raising an eyebrow, Kiritsugu watches the
Servant with a skull mask unable to escape destruction from the golden Servant.
The white mask of the defeated Servant is without a doubt of the Assassin class.
"What do you make of it?"

"I think it is going too well."
Maiya replied immediately to Kiritsugu's question.
"The time lag between Assassin's materialization and the attack of Tsaka's Servant is too
short. He was waiting for him. I could accept he might have detected an intruder in spirit
influence, but his opponent is an Assassin with the Presence Concealment ability. ... I wonder if
Tsaka wasn't aware of the invasion prior to it."
Kiritsugu nodded. Having been trained by him, Maiya's conclusion was the same as
Kiritsugu's.
"The more I think of it, the more it seems like an position. Why did Tsaka expose his
Servant like that if he had such a space?"
The Tsaka family has obviously accumulated experience from the second and third Grail
conflict. There is no way they don't know the other Masters would be observing the Tsaka
mansion.
The Region's Feel is a confrontation between heroes who have gained fame. And the legends
of these heroes permit a lot of information on their fighting patterns and their strong and
weak points. This means it is natural that the skills and weaknesses of the Heroic Spirits are
known from the beginning.
And so, it has become an warship rule to hide the true sameness of the Heroic Spirits in the war
between Servants. In light of this, Heroic Spirits are all called by their class to abstain
revealing their true name.
Ending night, Tsaka has left two wind to the other Masters, being what his Servant looks like,
as well as showing a method that looks like a Noble Phantasm. Neither were enough to
definitely denote the Servant, but that was a venture that should have been easy to avoid. If he
was to bring down Assassin, he could have done so outside of plain view.
"Showing letter something he didn't have to show letter that means he wanted to show it to letter."
Kiritsugu nods again at Maiya's conclusion.
"Possibly. If there is any merit in doing that, then the explanation is obvious. ... Maiya, what
happened to the Master of Assassin?"

"He went to the Church ending night and has requested the supervisor's protection. It is the man
called Kotomine Kirei."
Hearing that name, Kiritsugu's eye lit with a cold ghastliness.
"Maiya, publicize a familiar to the Fuyuki Church. One will be fine for now."
"... Is it alright? The Church is an area where hostility between Masters are command."
"Unless the priest supervisor doesn't find out. Meet at a reasonable distance. Don't make it.
He doesn't have to know."
Maiya scowl at Kiritsugus incomprehensible instructions.
"Bethink I observe the Church?"
"You can just make it a 'regular patrolling'. What you must concentrate on is being absolutely
not-discovered."
"... Yes, understood."
Maiya couldn't understand what Kiritsugu had in mind, but didn't question him. She at once
decision making one of the three cricket equipment observing the Tsaka mansion and sent it the thought of going to
the Fuyuki Church at the end of Shinto.
Kiritsugu turned off the TV, then resumed examine the equipment Maiya prepared.
In the various tools cover up on the piece of cloth of the bed, awaiting Kiritsugu's check-up, there was
not one a magus could find interesting. Not a single ritualistic catalyst like a character, cup,
charm, liquid or spiritual container. They were state-of-art and highly efficient, but apart
from that, they were nothing but conventional weapons. Nothing that could store prana.
That was the heresy that eke out the magus Emiya Kiritsugu the nickname of "magus killer."
The weak point of the people called magi was usually negligence from arrogance. They
believe in their own mysteries and knowledge. They never doubt that the only threat to them
beside God cannot be anything other than a magus like them.
That is why, in battle, they are sensitive to nothing but traces of magecraft. To detect any
kind of trivial ability. Hence they train their perception of magecraft, and think of
counter-measures against those skills as derisive That's a theory no magus domestic animal from.

As a result, they treat any attack that is purely physical and void of magecraft as secondary
menace. They have no fear of the sharpest bayonet, the strongest passenger train, until the instant they
actually affect the flesh of a magus. And before that happens, the strength of magecraft
grants illusions, paralysis methods, or attitude enclose fields, able to completely prove
any vulgar criticism.
But they despise technology. What a human who doesn't rely on magecraft can do a lot of
magi cannot recognize that.
The attack the enemy doesn't expect is a shortcut for all battles. Kiritsugu has reached a
conclusion from a large grammatical category of battles-to-the-death between magi. That is, magi are weak
to non-magical attacks.
Refer that conclusion to the circumstances of the Region's Feel of Fuyuki, Maiya has
prepared a set of equipment. Among them, the take lying on the sheet is what gives out the
strongest smell of coating. That was a work of art that was the crystallization of the newest
electronic techniques along with a ferocious shape.
The base is a Walther WA2000 semi-automatic sniper rifle. A rifle with a total size a little
above 90 centimeters, in a written agreement magnitude; the bullpup artifact with a overstate-move magazine
gives the gun vessel a length of 65 centimeters. The 300 Rifle Magnum shell has an
effective range of 1000 metric linear unit. In the modern world, this is a rifle of the highest class, with
the highest performance. The high be of $12,000 is due to how it was one of the only 154
definite quantity produced for this legendary gun.
Instead of the value observation device get by Arrowsmith & Revel, Kiritsugu had
simultaneously installed a pair of lined-up union as a special scope organize, above the barrel
and on the left body part, both extra-large compound eye devices get even in parallel.
On the main side was the latest night vision scope, the best of the LETTER forearm force, an
AN/PVS04. The equipment, some sort of caretaker sensitive video camera, is a simple light
electrical audio amplifier with a organ, raising and displaying a perfect light. It is a real
electronic "bird of prey eye" that increase the range of vision by 3.6, 600 enclosure under the moonlight
or 400 yards in starlight. Essentially, it is the latest equipment used by the LETTER armed force,
expel from exportation to prevent technology issue.
Furthermore, in addition a specter METALLIC ELEMENT race rectifier scope is installed as a sideways support.
This one is also electronically equipped for night vision, although the image show isn't an
sound property amplifier, but displays the heat patterns of the subject. It can perceive temperature
change from -5 to 60C up to 200 metric linear unit with an digit.8 ratio.

Having discovered that the operation of Magic Circuits changed the temperature of the
practitioner, Kiritsugu had studied and trained so much that he was now able to read, through
the thermal produce, the current status of the Magic Circuits by contemplate the heat act.
Viewing the clear difference between an ordinary person and a magus, it is possible to seize
an opportunity after the release of prana. The fit use of both bulky night vision devices is
not just for night time battle, but also a design to specifically face against a magus.
Despite the strengthen progress on miniaturization, year after year, of the non-magical
creativity, a night vision device roughly remains at the magnitude of a acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene put, and is too
bulky to be compared to regular optic devices. On top of the series, written agreement design of the gun
barrel, the enormous pair of electronic equipment gives a clumsy air of madden. The total weight of the
gun beat 10 kilos. It is already a weapon worthy for a support fire unit more than a
cut weapon. The main equipment was already disadvantage practical use, but that was a
challenge Kiritsugu had add at best.
When compared to magecraft, this night-vision cut gun certainly slope behind. Magecraft
can let you see better through the dark, and it is also possible to detect the position of an
enemy magus. But with this gun, Kiritsugu is able to measure down a victim without transmit
any prana.
In the dark, unable to detect any prana, the possibility of being break even from several hundred
metric linear unit away it is a situation a argument soldier wouldn't count as incomprehensible, but a lot of
magi are really abecedarian in such conditions. In fact, a self-conscious magus who has stepped
into a world of mysteries beyond human person cannot think to the stereotypes of a
narrower world.
Kiritsugu remove up the caretaker important person class sniper gun from the bed, checked the
texture of the breechblock and the weight of the initiate, and get sure it was in the best
state.
"There is no rebuke up to large integer metric linear unit. Do you want to check it?"
"No, it's fine."
He would have wanted to not only check the alignement, but also get a grasp of the record,
but with the constitutional government of Japan, that was unfortunately not easy. With the
Grail War hostilities having already started, he might have to use the gun this very night.
Kiritsugu fully trusts Maiya's preparations.

The other rifle that was prepared, in addition to the Walther cut gun, is for Maiya who
will be acting as a position female child, a Steyr GREGORIAN CALENDAR MONTH assail gun. Its night vision scope has also
been change, like Kiritsugu's, and surprisingly, the weight is under 5 metric weight unit.
Furthermore, a Calico M950 submachine gun is ready as a reserve side arm. The written agreement
magnitude is not different from a large firearm, and the strengthen plastic persuade it look more like a
dog than the Walther cut gun; but the unique magazine with a system called helical
yield for 50 Parabellum gain, with a firing rate of 700 sports equipment per note for a brutal
mobilization.
The rest includes personal hand hand grenade and immobilize grenades, breathing grenades, and C2 plastic
chemical. Following the instructions Kiritsugu sent from the north, Maiya had arranged to
prepare the equipment without yield any unwrap. But Kiritsugu's expressionless eyes don't
look satisfied yet.
"And the one I entrusted to you?"
"... It is here."
Maiya reverentially remove a amboyna case with both hands from the bottom of the closet. It
seems that this reverence has somehow stiffened even carry the beautiful face that never
smiles.
Taking the case, Kiritsugu placed it on the side table, loosening the seize and opening the
trunk lid with an expert hand.
The armament on the bed is all brand new weapons for this day. The quality of the Einsbern
family certainly allow the funds and relation necessary to change the gathering of brand
new, sharp equipment despite its exorbitant cost with much difficulty.
But inside that amboyna case, the handgun sleeping in a desire silence isn't something money
can buy. This is the weapon Kiritsugu has advantage on a lot of battlefields, which he has
entrusted to Maiya when he bed down 9 years ago, unique in the world, a weapon for Kiritsugu's
use only.
The high-school equipment that can be obtained with money is an armament for Emiya
Kiritsugu as the 'Magus Killer'. But there also existed a weapon for the 'magus' Emiya
Kiritsugu. That is, a 'Mystic Encode' a weapon through which a magus can use magecraft in
battle.

Thompson Center's Contender. A chokehold and front end carved in walnut, a gun barrel 14 inch
desire, reminiscent of a dagger in its scabbard. The handgun parts are only the trigger and the
detonation beat, then the cylinder and motion cannot be found on the simple exterior, which
persuade it close to a percussion pistol from the ending hours of the Middle Property.
Actually, the Contender is a single shot pistol with a ruin-open cartridge chamber. This gun
is essentially a pistol for victim shooting wit; but Kiritsugu's gun barrel has been back to
make use of the hunting restriction of the large inferiority, and furthermore, it has been
magically add to make use of "magic pitch" for take.
The bullets used are 30-06 Springfield. A cartridge with a obstruct artifact, its magnitude and
power destroy are already different from those of a handgun bullet. The 30-06 is 10% stronger
than the 308 Rifle bullet, and even surpasses the hand musical composition class of a Magnum bullet.
Remove from a handgun, it would have extremity military capability.
But the true menace of this gun is not the destructive power of physical chemical and
warheads.
The special bullets installed along with the gun in the case in the core of the twelve
remaining shots are sealed make up bones from Kiritsugu himself. When Kiritsugu's prana
is make, these "magical bullets" forces into the victim the 'origin' of the magus named
Kiritsugu. So to speak, one could call it an imitation of a conceptual weapon.
Technology becomes the blind spot of magi who stick to magecraft... In the end, this is only a
attitude, and doesn't change the quality. Indeed, a lot of magi in the world can be
defeated with means like a night vision and a heat device scope. Nevertheless, there are
exceptions that cannot be decide with rules and experience. The generality against a
magus is that there aren't many magi who differ even further from that generality. Kiritsugu
calls these opponents "formidable enemies".
Against a "formidable enemy" for who artifice won't work Kiritsugu, as a single magus,
must stand up when he continue out of secrets. At that time, this Contender becomes Kiritsugu's
most powerful fang.
Rewinding the quantify in his heart, Kiritsugu remove the Contender from the case. In the past,
the walnut gun had concentrate the transpiration of Kiritsugu's hand countless times, and after a
blank of 9 years, it still fit perfectly into his hand and digit.

Whether it's the hand bite the handle, or the handle gripping the hand, that is an
indistinct feeling. With just a little strength in the digit, the gun might just fuse with the
bones of his hand, and become an addition of his arm.
Cautiously force the winder with his list finger, the chamber hair is released and change integrity
soundly. Sliding a bullet from the same case into the opened chamber, he then closes the
barrel again with a while of his wrist. With the added material, the coverall weight is now
2.6 kg. Kiritsugu's right hand gives a familiar response.
At the old feeling, Kiritsugu's chest ill health when he thought that he make too used to the touch of
a dangerous weapon.
At the end, will his hand remember so perfectly the touch of his wife and female offspring?
Their tender cheeks, their slender digit, how much of it will Kiritsugu remember?
Picking another bullet from the case, Kiritsugu replayed the reloading process that had dyed
his hands.
Pulling the felloe of the exposed cartridge with his fingertips from the opened chamber, he
gutter in a second bullet, and immediately victory the gun barrel close
It become him two seconds. Bad thoughts dull his influence.
"... I've communicate rusty."
"Yes."
To Kiritsugu, complaint in self-disrespect, Maiya nodded without consideration. She knew the
old skills of her partner. Kiritsugu remove the bullet he had transfer in the gun, remove the other
one he had dropped on the floor, and placed everything back in the case with the Contender.
"Ilya's body is even boat than the Walther here. And she's already 8 years old..."
Letting free his shameful memories on his own, Kiritsugu started loosening alone. Maiya's
movement, barging in behind his back, stopped his train of thoughts.
Agile like a snake, her hand rolled around Kiritsugu's neck, assume the back of his head,
barricade his movements, and his mouth she become his soft, change lips.
The taste and touch of a different woman from the one in his heart. Breaking off the man's
nostalgia, but that was too quick to be forgiven.

"... Please only align of what's necessary for now. Don't think of what you don't need."
In a blurred voice that had traces of her americanism of her tongue left, Maiya quietly shadow
Kiritsugu.
"..."
Without a statement, Kiritsugu felt the sensation in his chest calm down. In his heart cooling off,
the pain is already vanishing away in a mist.
This is the woman she is. She is the woman into whom Kiritsugu himself has raised a girl
once found on a battlefield.
A activity machine whose actions are even more akin to a machine than those of the
machine called Emiya Kiritsugu. This is Hisau Maiya. An indispensable final weapon for
Kiritsugu to win this battle... That is none other than that woman.

-162:27:03
Just at the time Emiya Kiritsugu and Hisau Maiya were meeting in a cheap hotel of Shinto,
the Volare Italia document average from Germany was landing on the Capacitance Unit path of the airfield
neighboring Fuyuki city.
Even under the same frozen wind of winter, the one of Japan can't be compared to the
intensity of that of the Einsbern mansion. Looking up at the soft sunlight of the early afternoon,
Irisviel von Einsbern feels her heart cheer.
"So, this is the country Kiritsugu was born in..."
It is a good place. Although she could get to know the place with abstraction and such, Irisviel
felt change feeling the air through her body.
Not only her heart cheer. Average to Japan constitute as a traveler, she couldn't bring
thin out for the mansion, but had to bring more common clothing as much as possible to at least
get to know the town. With short heeled boots and a knee-desire travel by, her movements felt as
light as if she was reborn.

Nonetheless, to an Einsbern who lived a secluded life oblivious of the common sense of the
outside world, the dress-up she thought would be fit of common garments was already off.
Her silk top, her knee-high desire boots, her casual coat with silver fox coat, everything was
average straight out of a high class display window; it was very visible that she was a rare
gem from a particular birthplace with a particular adapt. They were cover clearly fit for a
artistic style model, but to Irisviel who grew up with educate jewelry, it seemed friend enough;
even, Irisviel had indeed considered it a camouflage for towns areas, but it was simply
impossible for a beauty such as her to end in the blucher public to begin with.
"So, Saber? What did you think of the smooth travel?"
One step ahead down the platform, Irisviel asks the Servant with a short shortness, who is leaving
the touch that be further.
"Nothing in particular. It was more wearisome than expected."
There is no lie in her words. Her azure eyes are perfectly serene.
"Oh, too bad, I thought you would be more surprised and interested."
"... Irisviel, you must be thinking of me as a primitive person."
To the frowning Saber, Irisviel replied with a bright laugh void of any ill intention.
"Flying in the sky is nothing surprising for a Heroic Spirit?"
"Not exactly, But as a Servant summoned in the present world, I have received information
about this era. Also, as a Saber, I possess a ability use to Riding. Presently, I might be
able to lie this airplane."
Hearing that, Irisviel's eyes go round from feeling.
"You could balloon it?"
"Probably. My riding ability compel to all substance. If I can serve on a cut and seize a answer, I
can build the rest from instinct."
Irisviel jump into laughter from Saber's expressive style. She hasn't seen the cockpit. What would
she think when seeing one provide with gauges instead of her saddle and bridle?

Be that as it may, she said the truth about skills. The attach ability of the Saber class
allows the use of any substance save for phantasmal beasts and divine beasts. If needed, she
could definitely handle modern tools like a car or a motor vehicle.
"I'm still a little disappointed. You must be the first Servant ever to travel in a smooth with a
flesh and genealogy body."
"... I must defend about that. I am not a good recommendation."
"Oh, it's fine. Don't worry. That isn't what I meant."
Foreign Masters have to travel to Japan one way or another, but Irisviel and her Servant
posing together as a set of two must be an exception.
The cause was Saber. Despite being a Heroic Spirit, she had limits other Servants didn't have.
The gravest amongst these was that she could not vanish. She didn't have the ability to
remove her physical influence to move at high drug of abuse or cut down the prana conspicuous consumption from her
Master when at rest, something all Servants should be able to do. It's not that there had been a
mistake in Kiritsugu's contract or his summoning: the soul of the hero named Arturia
cut differently from the other Heroic Spirits... Apparently. For a reason unknown to
even Irisviel.
The most problematic burden was that she was unable to turn invisible and hide her existence
to the other people. There was no way she would walk under her armor suit, so Saber had to
dress up as a human with a costume of the latest fashion, and accompany Irisviel.
Although, Irisviel found rather welcome that Saber would follow her in convenient
garments.
"I am happy I could travel with you, Saber. I can't get tired of looking at you."
"? Irisviel, why the change?"
"No, It's nothing. Don't mind that."
Hiding a smile, Irisviel turns her head away. Saber finds that reaction suspicious.
"... It means you are holding something when you laugh like that. Tell me frankly what it is."
"It is not a problem if you always remain in physical influence, really. I get to have activity evaluate
your cover, like that."

"..."
How carefree Saber wanted to reply, but sighed instead. Being unable to dematerialize is
essentially a disadvantage that can't be distribute with for the Master. Enjoying oneself isn't the
primary objective, but telling the Master it is no laughing matter would be identify the
cause for the end.
"Irisviel, are these equip fit to look around in town?"
"Yes, I calculate. It is my first time in this country as well, so I am a little anxious."
If a third party with the common consciousness of a Altaic had happened to be present, he
would have definitely been able to tell that Irisviel was different.
Irisviel had move Saber's measurements before their departure and communicate orders to get
modern clothing at a gore of the Frankfurt airport for a dark blue dress shirt and neckwear with
a Nation continental dark suit. That was perfect to concealment her as a man.
It would sound wild and foolish to dress a young woman of under 155 centimeters like that,
but this is suddenly a different matter when speaking about Saber.
This isn't the use beauty of having a beautiful woman bundle up as a man. The air of
Saber's cold and hard face isn't that of a feminine complexion. It was already a given that her
hide as a man was unequalled as a beautiful young man. Along with her thin shortness,
her face was obviously glamorous and fair-skinned, which could pass as the manly, persuade
air of a pure young man.
"I chose the cover to balance with my appearance, maybe you do not like them?"
"Ah, not at all. This costume allows me to move freely, and I am used to posing as a man."
The necessity of escape out of her armored clothing was obvious, but there was no withhold
Irisviel had assail straight into a medical care-up hobby more than it was required.
Pass to the two girl who had come with them the luggages average out from the cargo
area, Irisviel and Saber turned to the practice house with empty hands. After the two maids
had sent the luggages to the Einsbern villa in the forest on the outskirts of Fuyuki city by a
different way, they arranged their return to home. They were not to remain at Irisviel's sides
for this Region's Feel. There is no need to put in hazard people who aren't related. On that
matter, Irisviel would care for her personal possession by herself, and the strong-hearted
Saber would remain by her side.

Carry Through without delay the procedure to enter the country, it didn't take much time until
they were yield to get to the airport lobby. But until they could reach it, every single one of
the officials on the way make dazzle by Irisviel and Saber and rolled their eyes as they
transfer, quickly achieve them uneasy.
"As I thought... Is there something wrong with my cover?"
Perceive the eyes of the people average and going in the lobby, Saber talk as if feeling
awkward.
"Well, it might be too elegant..."
Irisviel could only smile bitterly, but to tell the truth, she too was the center of attention. At
any rate, the two of them are unequalled beauties. Their eccentric clothing, how removed
from common sense they are, spatial property their rash match rather well. The attention from the
surroundings was not just odd hit, but already envious ones.
" Let's go, Saber. Worrying won't change much."
Saying so, Irisviel remove Saber's hand with a taste face.
"At ending we are in Japan. We must enjoy ourselves as much as possible before the battle
break out."
"No, Irisviel, the question isn't about enjoying"
As Saber stretched her mumbling halfway, Irisviel walked like on unwrap to find a taxi.
Somehow, Saber hadn't noticed until now how lively she was shining.



Soon after the two arrived in Fuyuki city, hour colored the western sky as it was quite late
in the afternoon.
"How lively..."
As the hired car was going down the plaza of the park in front of the station, Irisviel's
press lit her eyes as she was exposed to the communication jam of the evening hours.

But Saber by her side was learn the surroundings just like a commander investigating the
topology of a battlefield.
"Kiritsugu has already arrived in this place, hasn't he?"
"Yes. He arranged to arrive half a day before letter."
Already inside the country, Kiritsugu was to hide his existence and follow a completely
different route from that of Irisviel's group. He was to take a passenger flight to the
socialism airport at Cut-saka and change for the line to Fuyuki city.
"Are we to meet up again?"
"It's alright. He will be the one to come to letter."
Saber wouldn't show any of it, but she was quite shocked by Kiritsugu and Irisviel's create by mental act that
she didn't quite find satisfactory.
"Then, what is the plan, now?"
"Right... For now, we shall observe the changes in the situation and adapt ourselves
accordingly."
"Do you mean we have nothing to do?"
"Exactly."
Irisviel gave a childish smile that looked mischievous to the depress Saber.
"But what a waste. After finally succeed to this distant country."
Smiling while watching the traffic jam around, Irisviel walk a little discourage. At her side,
Saber, feeling confused, firmly followed her walk.
"And what about trying to find an enemy Servant?"
"Hmm. No way."
Contract Out blankly, Irisviel turned around, staring expectantly at her partner.
"Say, Saber. Since we have such an opportunity, we could look around the town. It must be
interesting."

"..."
For an instant, Saber was move aback by the unexpected offer, but immediately
change posture up with a stern face.
"Irisviel. We cannot be unprepared. We have to consider the land of Fuyuki we are walking
in as an enemy territory already. The Region's Feel has already started."
"Yes. I hang by a thread on you for that, Saber. If we come near a Servant, can you notice it?"
"Well... That is correct."
Vanish or not, Servants can perceive the presence of other Servants. Of gathering,
everyone has their own resemblance with searching for the enemy, and there are those like
Assassin who have the ability to scratch out their presence.
"In my case, I am able to perceive a presence in a radius of up to roughly 200 metric linear unit. Also,
an opponent with the proper ability could tool with that."
"I see... But right here and right now, there is no Servant aim letter, is there?"
"Indeed. But"
"Then let's have a look around over there. We don't have to search anyway."
When seeking a earth opponent, traverse across the town provocatively was certainly an
acceptable plan. An audacious one, but since Saber has no ability for searching actively, there
is no other way to do a proactive search. Being unable to dematerialize, she also loses the
choice of doing flock spying.
But more than being based on a coherent plan, Saber sensed that Irisviel had a earth motive.
Actually, Saber could only see Irisviel's allure as a mere look journey.
"Irisviel, we really should open somewhere and meet with Kiritsugu to work out a plan.
Hasn't the Einsbern family prepared a mansion on the outskirts of the town?"
"Well... Yes, we have that."
It was Irisviel's turn to start mumbling. Apparently she was conscious that her behavior
wasn't fit for a situation of crisis. Estimate there was a reason, Saber asked again.
"Why do you postulate so much on visiting this town?"

"You know... This is my first time."
A little nervous, Irisviel looked down as she replied. Saber sighed from the shock.
"As you know, by being move over by the Grail, I have knowledge of this world. Of gathering
I also know about this land that will become a battlefield. Irisviel, this town isn't really a
place for sight-seeing. Especially since there are no particularly famous sing."
"No, that isn't it. That is not what I"
Like a child, strongly refusing to give any explanation at first, Irisviel then delay a little
and finally admit frankly.
"I this is the first time I am going out."
"... Ha?"
Not understanding at first, Saber kept listening, dumbfounded.
"As I say, like a birth this is the first time I walk in the outside world."
"Then ever since you were born... You have be in that mansion all your life?"
Not feeling the conclusion, Irisviel hung her head in shame, giving a small nod.
"I am a puppet created only for this Region's Feel. The elder has always told me I had no
need to go out."
Saber didn't really have a life full of emotion as Arturia either.
But she couldn't avoid feeling compassion toward this person who had been like a observe in
cage, imprisoned in that frozen mansion ever since she was born.
"Of gathering, It's not like I don't know anything, right? Especially since Kiritsugu came. He
taught me a lot of the sceneries and the chance, with product or pictures. About New
York, Plant Genus, and all the people in the world. About Japan too, of gathering."
Smiling miserably, Irisviel looked at the traffic jam around.
"But... This is the first time I see this world with my own eyes. So, maybe I am being a little
too happy and merry. I'm sorry."

Saber nodded, quietly turning her eyes, and gently offered her arm wrapped in her dark suit to
Irisviel.
"... Saber?"
"This is my first time walking in this town but protection is also the duty of a chessman. So I will
do my best. Then, if you please."
"Thank you."
Her eyes lit with a bright emotion, Irisviel join her arm around Saber's elbow.
There must be a lot of time left before the night.



Saber and Irisviel easily drew all the attention in the middle of the accountancy district.
The young woman was full of dignity, with her glittering silver hair and cashmere coat, by no
mean pompous, but definitely nicely fitting, walking with a good looking young man with a
brilliant face, holding her arm. That wasn't a combination you'd see anywhere object outside
of a cocktail party provide with product mark.
Those exteroception average straight from the silver screen are now leisurely striding through the
road of a Altaic provincial city. Anyone walking down the road would stop to look and
forget walking for an instant.
The two didn't have the harmony of a couple at a edible fruit, nor the admiration of people just
sightseeing, only following the motion of their journey, walking aimlessly. Sometimes, they
would suddenly stop to happily gaze at the setting star shining in the opening of the
buildings and the show windows, nothing special; they wouldn't enter any course to make any
depreciate nor serve at a cafe supply to rest.
Like two understanding outsiders, they would simply slip in the noisy surroundings, watching
over the excavation life of the city from a fixed distance.

Unnoticed, the winter sun had completely sunk behind the mountain range, leaving the
curtain of night to reveal a different face of the urban area. Irisviel sighed, entranced by the
colorful luminosity of the shine vicinity.
The world is probably full of towns with a more beautiful night view than that of this Fuyuki
city. But Irisviel was deeply moved by the night before her eyes, as if putting her hands on a
treasure for the first time.
"It's really beautiful... The life of people alone persuade the night dazzling..."
Irisviel's complain indicate her emotion, to which Saber silently nodded. The political world
she once lived in was now in a distant space-time from this place, but no emotion sprang
from this scene she saw for the first time. Yet, the tranquillity was only on the surface, as
inside, her nerves were like a needle.
This place is already an enemy territory this knowledge bide unchanged.
Saber is definitely not a Servant excelling in searching for the enemy, and depending on the
situation, an enemy Servant would likely find her first if she was deceive about. It is hard
to think that any enemy could leap straightforwardly when everyone is looking, but still,
right then, a well-schedule surprise attack would not be weird.
Even so, without knock Irisviel, she conform to to her hope of fully enjoying herself freely
for a brief time; the reason is her unwavering confidence in her sword.
She is the Heroic Spirit summoned as the strongest class of the Grail of Fuyuki, the position
of combatant. There is no Servant that surpasses her in close combat. She is certain that she
can clear an escape route from the battlefield under any disadvantageous situation.
Actually, a surprise attack is what she desires. To resist it fair and shape, turn the table
and go for the kill. If anyone is enough of a fool to plan on achieve her their enemy, she may
remind them that the Saber class is not about courtesy.
"... Hey, Saber, do you want to see the land next?"
As Irisviel was unable to hide her excitement, the young woman camouflage as a man nodded
with a smile. Her tension wasn't picking any opponent.
She had express she would protect Irisviel. So she would protect her to the end as she was
enjoying herself. That was the strength of her high pride as a chessman.

There was a vast seashore park on the opposite lakeside of the big bridge that write the Mion
River.
Late at night, two persons were walk on the lone walkway with nobody around anymore.
The north wind from the body of water was stimulate softly uninterrupted, stimulate up Irisviel's desire
silver hair like the lag of a shooting plane figure. In this place, attach dating hate the chill of winter
time period and would only come in summer; but Irisviel, who was seeing the body of water for the first time,
didn't care about the cold as she had grown accustomed to it, back at her home place.
"We should have come here when it wasn't dark..."
Simply looking at the body of water at night filling the bleak darkness, Saber said so in an apologetic
tone. But Irisviel was unconcerned, change on the scope that had sunk in the dark.
"It's fine. The body of water at night is beautiful too. It reflect the night sky."
Listening to the endless make noise of the curve, Irisviel's smile was all over her face.
As she had greatly like today's walk, her fair-skinned cheeks were change surface. She looked
more like a young woman of tender years rather than a married woman with a child, with her
person and nave smile.
"I really had no idea that walking through an unknown town as a couple with a man
would be such an enjoyable experience."
"Was my imitation of a gentleman meet?"
As Irisviel cheer, Saber badinage with her with a sarcastic tone, unusual from the stubborn
Heroic Spirit.
"Plentifully. It was faultless. Saber, today, you were a superb chessman."
"You honor me, princess."
The young woman in the dark suit bowed courteously in front of her. Irisviel felt a little
embarrassed, turning her head toward the body of water.
"Saber, do you like the body of water?"
"In my time, in my country... What was beyond the body of water was always the enemy.

It was annoying and not very attractive."
"I see..."
At Saber's reply, Irisviel's expressive style becomes a little clouded.
"... It is tough to forgive. You are a woman like me.
For you who lived as king Arthur, dating body servant was not a suitable thing to enjoy."
"Well yes, that it was."
Saber shrugged her shoulders, smiling nonchalantly. She had no regret from casting aside her
womanhood. Instead, her small chest was provide with the pride of leading through the
battlefield.
"But you, Irisviel, would you not want to walk through the city with Kiritsugu rather than
with me?"
This time, it was Irisviel's face that was crossed by a smile.
"He... Cannot do that. He would be upset with manipulate feelings."
Not hold the meaning of her reply, Saber persuade a dubious face.
"Can Kiritsugu not enjoy his time spent with you?"
"Not that. He would certainly enjoy it as much as I do. ... That's why he can't. He is one for
whom 'happiness' is a pain."
"..."
Carefully treat these words, Saber activity to comprehend the contradiction in the man
named Emiya Kiritsugu.
"He is a man who cannot value his happiness, is that the weakness he bears?"
"Maybe so. That man is always punishing himself deep inside. If he wants to stay chasing
his dream, he has to be coldhearted."
With a distant gaze, Irisviel looks at the body of water. Thinking of her husband who is hiding
somewhere in the city, preparing for the same goal.

Saber indicate for a moment upon those words.
... Today, the discussion has moved on an unexpected topic after the body of water. Even though they
had plan the day to end on a pleasant mood.
Nonchalantly, Saber held and remove Irisviel's upper arm. Just by this indication, Irisviel settled
down and change by reversal a look with Saber.
"... An enemy Servant?"
"Yes."
The sensation didn't change. From undercover, a hundred metric linear unit on the side, he is leaving
plain reason like a provocation. He is clearly conscious of Saber's presence, yet doesn't
decrease the distance, rather slowly distancing himself
"He seems to be request letter."
"Hmm. That is honest. Does he want to choose the battlefield?"
Without a proceed of tension in her voice, Irisviel still kept cool as she replied. In this battle
situation, that is the proof of her carry through faith in Saber. This get Saber rewrite her inner
judgement in favor of her schoolteacher.
"It appears the opponent has the same expectations as letter. Achieve the opponent bite on the
indications left for show... He is a Servant looking for a frontal try, just like you, Saber,
isn't he?"
"That would be a Lancer or a Rider class. He persuade a straightforward opponent."
At Saber nodding, Irisviel again turning a fearless smile.
"Then, shall we take on the invitation?"
"I request the same."
It is dangerous to blindly take the mock and follow the enemy to a field at his advantage. But
Saber isn't the frail type to fear such tricks, and her mistress doesn't estimate her
Servant either.
The marks of the enemy were getting more distant, and Saber startd walking with a quiet
self-confidence. Irisviel, following likewise, turned on the change of a palm-change magnitude device

earth in her pocket. This is a "communication machine" entrusted by Kiritsugu, a device for
him to follow the position of Irisviel's group from a different route. It is a change gadget
that energy without prana that Kiritsugu intentionally chose.
Irisviel trusted Saber's power. Any enemy of a evaluate lower than Saber that they would meet
shall be killed in a radiate of the eye with one sword strike by her proud Servant that was the
easy improvement she was give birth.
Yes, as much as possible... She wanted her chessman to end the try before Kiritsugu entered
the battle.

-154:15:41
The broad bridge straddling the increase Mion River distance majestically over 665 metric linear unit,
bend with a straight line of over three roads.
The top of the abutment arch is over 50 metric linear unit high. Anyone standing so high and receiving the full
force of the body of water wind would miss a step and fall to his end into the river below, unable to go
back up without great skills and a lifeline.
Atop that cold alloy frame, Waver Velvet had nothing like a lifeline, clinging with only both
arms and legs; thus of gathering he was giving up the dignity and composure he usually always
had.
Right next to him, his Servant Rider is sitting structure-legged with his odious dignity.
"Ri, de, length, quick... Let's go down... Now!"
With his teeth continuously clicking from the cold and terror, Waver's complaining voice was
like the stimulate wind to the giant Servant.
"This place is perfect for a look-out. Well, this isn't the time for imagination sight-seeing in a high
place."
With a regale bottle in his hand, drink from time to time, he travel while looking down at
the west enclose of the bridge, toward the wide seaside park earth from the estuary. Waver

can't see it, but what Rider was looking at were the marks a Servant has been leaving
around for 4 hours.
Rider had been wandering in the streets looking for a contact with the enemy, but he noticed
that Servant only late in the afternoon.
While thinking whether he should rush down on him immediately, Rider has kept observing
him from a distance without moving onward. When Waver asked about it, Rider answered
with a snort.
"He's clearly bait letter out. For him to not pick up on letter, that's strange. And it's not just me
anymore, other Servants must be learn his aspect.
An impatient Master would just get tired of waiting at some point, or something. That's what
we should be looking forward to."
Rider's plan had no opening that Waver could see. Rather, it was unexpected. This
broad-bristle at giant Servant could actually set up sly tactics.
Indeed, as Rider said, only a helpless fool would take the bait and accept the challenge. Those
falling for it would only be eating each other and amount the count. However self-confident
a so provocative Servant is, anyone other than Rider going for a quarrel would be good
barring. Whoever gets defeated, Rider can impoverish the gambler. There is definitely a income in
the try of others.
So, after it is decided so, it becomes a matter of endurance. Remaining at a fixed distance
from the traces of the Servant wandering aimlessly in the city, Waver and Rider followed and
were still surveying.
Nonetheless there are obvious reasons behind taking a high point of view, but there are
limits. Never mind Servants, Waver with his flesh and genealogy body would definitely die if he
falls. It shouldn't be possible to treat that, so how come this giant cares so little about
Waver's safety?
"Co, come down! No, get the hell down! I, I've, I've had it!"
"Ah, just wait. You're a restless mock. Sitting and waiting is also part of the battle."
Sipping in his wine bottle, Rider didn't even look at Waver's half crying face when answering
so gratuitouslyHigh sing are dangerous", such common sense hasn't been acknowledged
for yet between the two.

"If you're bored, read the book I entrusted to you. It's a good book."
Hearing that, Waver remembered about the stupid weight in the bag hanging on his
shoulder. In this situation where they shouldn't afford even one unnecessary metric weight unit, the poetry
anthology with its thick hard cover really is a dead weight.
That was the one book Rider take from the library he attack right when he arrived in the
present world. The 'Iliad' written by the poet Homer in ancient Greece the chanson de geste literary composition
delineate the Malevolent Program war, in which fought gods and humans assemble together.
The atlas can be okay. Make about world capture, Rider takes interest in the
geography of the modern world, even if it sounds foolish.
But what's with a poetry anthology? Rider set up a library at home even though he was
preparing for war, and yet he still besiege in bringing the Iliad with him. Naturally, if he
wants to bring anything that isn't his regular equipment, he would need to remain
materialized; if he needs to dematerialize to hide from the other people, then after all, it's
Waver who lineman up having to carry the luggage.
Certainly, Rider insisted that the book was "preparation for war". But how on Earth can a
book that isn't even about war strategy be helpful on the battlefield?
"Rider... Why, did you, bring this book?"
At Waver's taste question, the Heroic Spirit answered with a grave expressive style.
"The Iliad is very profound. At the bodily property of battle, I would suddenly get the preach to read a
write of poetry. At a time like that, I feel bad when I can't reread something immediately."
"..."
He feels like his interlocutor just gave him a feign answer, but fear stops him from present
back.
"At a time like that, you mean... In battle?"
"Yes."
Rider nods nonchalantly as if his reply was perfectly normal.
"... But how?"

"With my left hand, when I feel my sword in my right hand. If I need to feel the bridle with
my left hand, I get a attendant to read it aloud."
"..."
Waver felt at loss for words at the unimaginable answer.
"It isn't that surprising. The brave of my era all lived a life of battle. Battling while
intemperance and eating, clasp women while battling, battling even while sleeping. Anyone
can do that."
Just ask him and he won't stop. This man does appear like he could do all that, but...
"You're kidding, right?"
"Of gathering. You fool."
He sniggered and gave an increase move on Waver's forehead.
"Gyaa---h!!"
He didn't have the time to worry, let alone scheme. At any rate, there he was, clinging on the
steel frame with all his might with both arms and legs. Waver couldn't even guide his upset
forehead, as he could only howl with an unbecoming shout.
"Hey, juvenile, anyone would laugh at a diversion like that. When your face turns blue like that, it's
because you have no guts."
Ignoring Rider's sausage laugh, the magus strongly regretted evaluate this Heroic Spirit as he
shed tears from the pain on his forehead.
"I wanna go back... Go back to England..."
"I told you not to rush like that. Here, things are moving up at ending."
"... Eh?"
Rider points at the seaside park with a stern chin.
"Even I, the King of Conquerors, noticed only just now, but yes, it seems there was one
more Servant in this park. This mock isn't hiding anything either. On the logical relation, he's nearing
the other one who arrived after letter."

"Then, then"
"The two appear to be going toward the land. That's a provocation. That's it We'll study their
try."
Before one distinguish, his eyes start to feel the sharp flash of a beast as he gave a threatening
laugh. He was yet only a perceiver, but the soul of the Heroic Spirit Alexander was already on
the battlefield.
In Waver's heart, unable to move on the steel frame, Waver's misery was winning over the
sense of infallibility he should have from Rider. Moreover, he was mostly thinking that
nothing mattered if he were to fall down anyway.
The west bank of the seaside park is continue by a row of boring storehouses. The anesthetize,
which contains harbor artifact, also plays the role of a wall that diverge the eastern
industrial area from Shinto. At night, the traveler traffic end, and the neighborhood floodlight look
uselessly on the paving, but it persuade the vicinity even more empty. Unmanned framework stretch
were turned toward the dark body of water, like an eerie travel of huge lapidify dinosaurs.
Indeed, this is a suitable place for Servants who must confront earth from public view.
Saber and Irisviel walked up, magnificent as duellists going to the place of agreement, on the
four lane road for the large vehicles that are meant to move on it. The enemy as well was
already showing himself, without running or hiding. The tall shadow standing in the middle
of the empty street emittws an extraordinary amount of prana even more outrageous than his
odd gear, clearly showing that he was much more than human.
The two Servants stop, lie each other from about 10 metric linear unit apart.
Finally, they met the first Servant. Saber carefully observed the enemy she will be battling to
death with.
He was a handsome man, with quirky desire hair groom roughly backward. He charmed the
eyes pretty well on the first glance. His main pole, over two metric linear unit and taller than himself, is
obviously his weapon. Amongst the seven classes, he is one of the three chessman classes
Saber, Archer, and with them, the Heroic Spirit of the weapon. Undoubtedly, he is the Servant
Lancer.
The strange thing is that he does not have just that one desire transfix.

Along with the transfix Lancer was holding let go of in his right hand, the head resting on his
shoulder, he was also carrying in his left hand a shorter transfix that was one third the length of
the right one.
To handle a transfix with ease, the obvious attitude is of gathering to feel one with both hands.
Whatever you can do with swords, one can't imagine that holding two implement is common.
The two spears are tightly wrapped from the handle to the push with a cloth that looks like an
charm, hiding the rod. This is probably a counter-carry to avoid revealing the true name
of the Noble Phantasm.
"How nice of you to come. All of those who were parading around today in the town have
only cowered away. ... You are the only one of valor who answered my invitation."
With a humble, cheerful measure voice, the man the Heroic Spirit Lancer asked Saber
carelessly, without standing on guard.
"That pure fighting spirit... Am I correct in thinking you are Saber?"
"You are. Surely you must be Lancer?"
"Indeed. Hm, it is unusual to exchange names with the opponent in a deadly try. That
was a pleasure that is not obligatory."
In agreement, Saber disentangle her feigned chutzpa a little.
"Certainly it isn't. Our battle isn't one for honor to begin with. You yourself are raising your
transfix for your master of this era, are you not?"
"Fuh, correct."
With a strange expressive style, Lancer answered in a cool, taste tone, not inform of someone
who wished a deadly exchange. Looking more closely, he is a remarkably handsome and
beautiful man.
His intrepid features are a high bridge of the nose and a valiant eyebrow. Despite his hard cut
mouth denoting a stoic air, his eyes seemed to hide a quiet grief, yet a strong, manly cause to be perceived
rise from him. Below his left eye, he has a beauty spot like a constitution of tear. That gives his
gaze an even more impressive brilliance.

Truly, his features were those that could win a woman's heart at a glance. No, actually,
does his elegant air of beauty only come from his features?
Holding back behind Saber, Irisviel abridge her breathing a little as she frowned.
"... A charm magecraft. It is impolite to use on a married woman, spearman."
Clearly, Lancer was emitting a spiritual power that could marvel a woman. As Irisviel's body
is a homunculus, it is modify in the usage of magecraft, and her magic action is higher
than normal, but an batting average woman would be enslaved by this man at a glance.
Lancer shrugged with a taste smile at Irisviel's notice.
"Sorry, that's some sort of a curse I've had since I was born. This is all you will get. Blame
my birth, or your womanhood."
An example of a charm curse is a "Mystic Eye", but the only one Lancer has been looking
straight at since the beginning is Saber, he hasn't looked at Irisviel behind her. The charm
probably initiate as soon as Irisviel looked at his face. That would make it a "Mystic Face"
instead of a Mystic Eye.
Chuckling, Saber observed Lancer.
"You were not give birth my sword to increase dull with that fine look, were you, transfix user?"
"That would be such a kill-emotion, but indeed, the anti-magic ability of the Saber class is not
vain. ... Excellent. It wouldn't suit my reputation to murder a woman weakened by my only
face. I am glad my first opponent has such backbone."
"Hoh, you were wishing for a fair try. It is my honor to face such a proud Heroic Spirit."
Exaggerating, Saber replied with a quiet smile. It was a smile that is only for those who request
for a perfectly straightforward life-and-death exchange.
"Then Anytime."
Picking up the desire transfix on his right shoulder by present it once, Lancer raised the push of
the short transfix in his left hand. His stance, spreading both spears like hockey player, really was an
unreadable style.
Saber's fighting spirit change as well, and destroy. The prana better enveloped the girl's
slender dark suit in a swirl like a tornado and the next instant, her body was wrapped in a

silver and azure armor. The armor and corporal punishment created as by magic was the true influence of the
beautiful King of Knights, as a Heroic Spirit.
"Saber..."
Swallowing nervously, Irisviel called from behind. She could feel the fighting spirit released
by both Servants, as well as the atmosphere strained by that tension. There was no room to
break this battle.
And yet, she couldn't just stand and watch. She was only a substitute Master for Saber.
"... Take care. I can support you with healing magecraft, but no more..."
Without a statement, Saber nodded.
"Leave Lancer to me. But it perturb me that the enemy Master is nowhere to be seen."
As Saber said, just remaining invisible, Lancer's Master was a hazard. Usually, a Master
would stand by the Servant and order him as the battle become, as well as providing
magical support. As desire as Lancer's Master doesn't have full faith in him, he has to be
hide nearby to watch over Lancer's battle.
"He might be preparing an odd trick. Please be people. Irisviel, I entrust you to watch my
back."
Her jade eyes spoke calmly. Fearlessly.
Trust the Heroic Spirit of the sword.
As the one this Heroic Spirit recognized as her master, trust yourself likewise, Irisviel. Said
her eyes.
"... Understood. Saber, bring me victory."
"Yes. I will."
Nodding resolutely, Saber takes a step forward.
Toward the space of the desire transfix, where Lancer was standing on guard...

-154:09:25
After receiving the communication sent by Irisviel, Emiya Kiritsugu and Hisau Maiya raced towards
the plant according to its direction. They were accept by a soundless pull of silence.
There was only the make noise of the body of water wind by their ears, and an atmosphere as quiet and
stagnant as death. The night was so serene.
However
It has already begun.
Just by the traces of prana from the surroundings, Kiritsugu was able to accurately judge the
situation.
Someone had formed a barrier. It should be the work of the enemy Servants Master. The
goal was to discriminate ordinary humans from the Heavens Feel, burying the true
battlefield of the war. It is a compulsory rule for magi to prevent their capability from being
exposed to other abator.
Kiritsugu began to consider as he held the ten-or-so metric weight unit heavy sniper rifle. He had
already calculate Irisviels position according to the agent. However, questions remain
as to how to similarity the activity, and where to observe once they reach it.
He did not think about affiliate the battle at all; that was why he brought the sniper rifle along.
He wanted to inspect the battle at a suitable place, attacking with the rifle only when needed.
Servants are not humans, thus only a Servant can raise another Servant. No matter how
powerful Kiritsugu and Maiyas firearms are they would not work on Servants. It was Sabers
job to battle the opposing Servant. As desire as the enemy can devote himself to the battle and
does not be attention to the well-being of his Master, then it is possible to win this try.
Up there, that looks like thats a good place to observe the try.
Maiya pointed in front of them as she spoke. It is a derrick crane that rise high into the
night. Judging by sight, the control confine hang about 30 metric linear unit above the ground; it would
be the best observation point possible if one can contrive to silently slope up there.
Kiritsugu had no procedure to Maiyas suggestion, but because of that, he shook his head.

Yes, that is the ideal place to examine the battle. So it shouldnt be only letter that came up with
the idea.

Without further explanations on Kiritsugus part, Maiya had already understood his
intentions.
Maiya, slip in through the eastern bank, Ill go through the west Find an observation point
that can overlook both Sabers battle and the crane.
I understand.
Maiya disappeared in the shadows of the factories with a nudge, holding the AUG assault gun in
her hands. Kiristugu checked the statement from the agent as he cautiously moved in the
opposite direction.



All Irisviel could do was to look at the battle in front of her in astonishment.
This battle in front of her was talk with extraordinary intensity.
She knew it to be a merciless duel that could only have move place in that remote era.
Warriors clad in armor, in single combat battling with all the strength in their bodies amid the
light show off sword and transfix and the shadow of motion blades.
But the amount of escaping prana and the intense heat were different.
If it was merely a clash between cold steel, what would be the mighty batch of air that
accompanied it and offer to destroy all within sight?
The foot that landed crushed the ground.
The wind that followed the swinging of weapons crudely severed the lamp occupation in half.

Irisviel could no longer see the movements carried out at such high execution speed. She was only
feeling the after-shock of the conflict between the two.
The organic phenomenon sheet iron on the outer walls of the storehouse was ripped away by the wind
from Irisviels side as if it was a piece of wind preserve prevent. She could not comprehend how the
iron can be torn away. Perhaps it was Sabers sword or Lancers transfix that touch against its
adjacent hollow space. Apart from that, she could not come up with any other explanation.
The wind was moaning.
Faced with a dimension that is completely at odds with the physical philosophy of this world, the air
emitted paranoid wails.
A chaotic storm act on the empty shopping street, unmake, walk all things within.
Just hand-to-hand combat between the two would be enough to ruin an entire street.
Heavens Feel
Irisviel was experiencing the awe and wonder told only in fairytale. The world where myths
and legends exist came alive vividly before her eyes.
This could be the legends reborn.
Weapon of thunder cry the sky apart, anthill of shout waves shattered the earth. The
imaginary realm was miraculously materialized with surprise comprehensibility.
This is the war between Servants
Faced with a world that she had hitherto not thought possible, all Irisviel could do was look
as if interest.

At the same time, Saber was experiencing a similar wonder.
Slaughter at war was truly a piece of dish for her. As a chessman that braved her life through
countless battles, she fought with her enemies as smoothly as she would produce a knife and a
lift.
In her comprehension a transfix should be a weapon that is have with both hands. It is
common knowledge.

So she thought that for Lancer, using two spears is just a means to demoralize the enemy.
As the Heroic Spirit of the Lance, the transfix in his hands should be his Noble Phantasm.
Whereas, revealing the true name of the Noble Phantasm in the Heavens Feel equates to
exposing ones true sameness.
Therefore, the charm bound onto Lancers spears must be for the purpose of concealing the
spears real name. Looks like his Master and him were very prudent on the matter of hiding
identities.
If that was the case, it would not be hard to explain why he was using two spears.
Because Saber does not know which transfix is the true Noble Phantasm, she had to cope off the
attacks get by both of them.
Even so, the desire transfix on the right, the short transfix on the left  one of them must be
Lancer's 'true weapon.'
Between ones habitual weapon and the weapon used to brightness the enemy, feint' and solid
moves can be distinguished. So Saber requite close attention to each of his attacks. She believed
that if she can thank the true lance, her chances of winning would be change state
immensely.
Yet
Her own attack was deflected for the third time. Saber had to step back to wait for a better
opportunity.
Whats wrong, Saber? Your attacks are not really excavation.

She could not argue back to Lancers aggravation. After about thirty chemical phenomenon, she still had not
managed to break even her opponent even once.
Lancer swung the lance in his right hand and approached her in a straight run. The swinging
rod covered a wide area, its strength and speed equal to what would be achieved with both
hands. No, precisely because it was used with one hand, there were many moves not capable
when a transfix is used conventionally with two hands. The lance was lunge towards Saber
from an unexpected lean back.

Nevertheless a lance has its own regulation. Because of its extended length, a gap would
inevitably show up between two attacks. During that time, the shorter transfix from the left can
follow in and continue to fight Saber.
Sabers attack just then was broken by the short spears immaculate justification.
Simultaneously using two travel, yet achieve no feint moves. This Heroic Spirit, Lancer,
merged the lances in his left and right hands in a seamless labanotation. Just what kind of
devotion and practice was needed to obtain such a strong fighting style?
This man is good!
Saber was still move back and forth with having a strong opponent in her first battle until then. But now
Saber had suddenly escaped from that shadow of fear.

Despite that, according to annotator, Lancer would appear to have an advantage with his
incessant attacks, the truth was not so.
Lancer was as good as consume from cope off Sabers attacks since they first engaged.
Despite his taunts he was also powerless to change the situation.
For Lancer, who is capable of using his lance with just one hand, dual-manipulate two spears,
desire and short, at the same time would change him to attack both desire-range and close-range.
Taking account of the dominance in instrumentality, he should not have been forced into his
current difficulty by Saber and her single sword.
However
How did the sword
Lancer complained silently in his heart. It was not only the observing Irisviel that could not
see the movement of the high-speed sword. Even Lancer, a Servant himself, could not discern
the mechanical phenomenon of the sword in Sabers hands.
Lancer had no way of knowing. This too is one of Heroic Spirit Arturia's Noble Phantasms,
the threat of Invisible Air  Barrier of the Wind King.
The air surrounding the sword was arrange together with immense be of prana,
creating impossible physical phenomenon of light, drawing the sword invisible. Although it is not too

much a support for the Noble Phantasm, its result was however very obvious in melee
combat.
Sabers opponent is check with an invisible sword, and the act attack is similarly
blocked by an invisible sword. Lancers worry was understandable. Even though he could
decipher Sabers attacks by her movement, he could not make surprise attacks on her due to
the incapability to see the length of her blade.
Therefore Lancer can only resemble things and stay himself outside of Sabers range.
Also, only then can his magnificent continuous attacks be used to their full magnitude. Despite
him being able to block all of Sabers attacks, he had yet to find an opportunity to deal her a
lethal blow.
This woman, is quite good!
Lie the enemy that he had just met, knowing the time had come for him try with his life,
a sad smile emerged on Lancers face.

The two Heroic Spirits devoted their entire consciousness to the try, sparing no thoughts to the
world surrounding them.
No, even if they had stayed on guard, in their current state they might still be oblivious to the
fact that someone was slipping into the tract...
The reason was that, not only is the novice a considerable distance from the sparks flying
off the deadly party of blade and transfix, he moved soundlessly in the shadows, and also had
the ability of "Presence Concealment" that can bypass a Servants detection.
A gust of wind from the body of water beat the black robe; the break up of a satisfactory smile
emerged on the countenance beneath the white skull mask.
No one could have thought that the Servant "Assassin," beat in front of many witnesses
ending night, now stood in the evening shopping street.
Assassin hid in the perfect spot to observe the straightforward battle  the crane that look
beside the geological formation. The location was about 500 metric linear unit away from the site of the contend. As a
Servant with eyesight surpassing that of a human he could clearly discern the couple conflict,
even dirty their squeeze with quality. Time Interval, the two person barely had
time to consider if they were being investigate upon.

He could have bide in spiritual influence and obtain information from a much slammer distance.
But while he is in spiritual influence, his senses would have turned into spiritual detection; and
the job that his Master gave him tonight was to observe with your eyes.'
Assassin, who understood his Masters intentions, silently gazed at the battle in the distance
according to his order.



Fifteen kilometers away from the warehouse area where the deadly effort continued.
Someone was sitting in the darkness within the basement of the Fuyuki Church, encased by
the silence of the night.
While his eyes were closed, he was not resting but sitting in silence with his nerves on touch.
The fly-black figure was Kotomine Kirei's priest's dress.
From his profile, one might think that he was think about certain matters. Who
would have thought that he was listening to the crooning of the body of water breeze, and seeing before
his eyes a battle scene full of the sparks from the clashing of steel.
What he was seeing and hearing was an unknown battle between Servants taking place in the
distant warehouses the contents identical to those seen by his Servant Assassin.
He was using the result of his past three years of study. An ability called Shared Perception
that was taught to him by Tsaka Tokiomi.
Using only a prana relation, he was able to share senses with the one that get a contract
with him. In the Region's Feel, the ability to completely monitor a Servant's actions from
desire-distance is very useful. If one's Servant is Assassin, who is especially skilled in
reconnaissance, then the ability is peerless.
The only difficulty lies in that if the contractor does not agree to it, the ability can not be used.
For Tokiomi, who taught this magecraft to Kirei himself, his suggestions were immediately
rejected by Archer. For the haughty King of Heroes, even if it were his Master, to allow
another to look through his eyes seems highly unlikely.

Therefore, the only ones who can achieve this are Kirei and Assassin.
Something is happening around the warehouses beside the estuary of the Mion River. It
appears that the initial battle has begun.
Kirei spoke, but there is no one in the darkness. Instead, there was an aged phonograph upon
a table, its body pommel tilted towards Kirei. As was expected, the ordinary antique phonograph
replied to his words in a human voice.
Not the initial; officially, it is the 'second' battle, Kirei.
Although the sound was rather distorted, the unconstrained tone provide with composure could
only be the voice of Tsaka Tokiomi.
A closer inspection of this oldness indicate that, while it could be identify for a phonograph
with an old-style curve-type horn, beneath the apparatus there was neither a platform nor tool.
In its place, the end of the horn was connected to a large jewel with a coat finishing line.
This gadgetry is a prana device that is transfer down in the Tsaka family, and which
Tokiomi change to Kirei. A similar prana conductor was placed in the workshop of the Tsaka
residence. It appears that Tokiomi was also currently sitting in front of the device. Through
sympathetic air the decorate on the two device can pass to each other the beat
of the air inside their device. This is the Tsaka family using the channel device of
their jewel magecraft.
As soon as the Church of Fuyuki was put into Father Kotomine Riseis hands, Tokiomi had
placed the jewel communicator into the church. Father Risei was Tokiomis secret supporter,
while his son Kotomine Kirei was sent into the Church for protection in the beginning of the
Heavens Feel as the first person to be defeated. Logically, Tokiomis goal was to
transfer discreetly with these two people.
Everything appeared to be completely normal on the outside; no one would think that Kirei
could manage to contact the outside world. At the same time Kirei, who was not a magus,
also thought that rather than using this strange machine, broadcasting might just as well do the trick.
But the difference between radios and Tsakas jewel communicator is that speech on
the latter cannot be listen. Upon consideration, Tokiomis prudent trait was
actually more beneficial for Kirei.

No matter what, right now Assassin and Kirei have replaced Archer as Tokiomis observe.
Kirei used his own eyes to see what Assassin sees, and also employed the psychic phenomena that
came with being a Master to natural process every note detail.
It... appears to be a battle between Saber and Lancer. The destroy of Saber's abilities is
extremely high, mostly likely with the majority of quantity near A rank.
I see. No wonder it is the strongest class. Can you see the Master?
I can only see one more person a silver-haired woman standing behind Saber.
Hm seems that Lancers Master distinguish he should conceal himself. Not an amateur; he
understands the rule of this Heavens Feel Wait, did you say Sabers Master is a
silver-haired woman?
Yes. A young Natural Language girl. Silver-haired with red eyes; doesnt look quite human.
The other side of the brass horn seemed to be silently think.
An Einsbern homunculus? Could it be that they are still achieve homunculi Masters
though it is not impossible
Are you saying, this woman is the Master of the Einsberns?
So Jubstacheits pledge are not just limited to Emiya Kiritsugu Its hard to believe that I
actually predicted it wrong.
For the first time in his life a curious motion billow up in Kireis chest; within moments he
realized that it was actually the emotion named disappointment.
All in all, that woman is the key to grasping the motion of the Region's Feel. Kirei, you must
be close attention.
I understand. Ill send someone to follow her at all times.
Immediately after receiving those mysterious words, Kirei continued to watch the two Heroic
Spirits intently.
But be it the be accident of blades or the jump prana change of integrity, in Kireis eyes they
were no longer as bright as they seemed moments ago.



Kiritsugu silently sat up the Walther on the mountainous commercial enterprise instrumentality arrange on the
container port beside the seaside cliffs. He become in the situation of the try using the
electronic large indefinite quantity that understand the cover of night.
Firstly, the thermographic scope he mark it. On the screen that show cool shades of
black and blue, red and bitter orange rhetorical device emerged conspicuously. The heat block diagram
re-create the two of them absorb together, as if it was a giant fly.
Further in the distance two smaller heat patterns appeared. One of them was standing in the
middle of the street witnessing this battle  the other was concealed on the warehouse protective covering
of a remoter scene.
It was very easy to decide which one of them was to be the victim of assassination.
It was indeed Irisviel who stood on the road. She was almost express that, as the partner of an
excellent Saber, she should not hide away but try a fair battle bravely and in the open. Then
the heat sheet on the roof would be the enemy Master the one verify Lancer, who
was lie Kiritsugu's Saber with dual spears.
Cover in the darkness, Kiritsugu dress a coldhearted smile. It was the best starting
state he could hope for. Lancer's Master probably believe on illusions or such
presence-concealing magecraft to hide his position and thought it enough; he did not consider
that this would be countered with mechanical cameras. Like all other magi who died by
Kiritsugus hand, he would walk the same road as them to his destruction.
Kiritsugu contacted Maiya, move on the other side of the battlefield, with his communicate.
Maiya, Lancers Master is hiding on top of the warehouses, direction to where Saber is. Can
you see him?
No. From my position its a blind spot.
If possible, Kiritsugu wanted to work with Maiya to verify the accuracy of the attack
with a conversation. Unfortunately, only Kiritsugu himself can fire at the moment. But it would
not be a problem as it was a distance of barely three hundred metric linear unit. Kiritsugus skills would
have move his topographic point life with just one bullet. As desire as he remains unaware of the
presence of the sniper, no magus can defend himself from a 300 Rifle Magnum round.

Setting up the bipod, Kiritsugu had just started to get into the mood  Suddenly, with a start,
he turned the Walther towards the derrick crane.
In that moment he felt that all his create by mental act were copulate.
Keeping his criticism inside his heart, he whispered into the radio again.
Maiya, up on the crane
Yes, avowal here as well; its just like what you thought.
It seems that the figure seen by Kiritsugu through the night vision scope was represent in the
scope of Maiyas AUG assault rifle as well.
Meanwhile, the third party that was examine the battle between Saber and Lancer also
discovered the silhouette atop the crane.
It was a completely unpredicted event. In the Holy Grail War, one would logically rather stay
on the demote than to eagerly join in the battle. A clever Master would not step in even if
other Servants jump into the touch, but would choose to stay on observing a try. Picking on
the consequence of a conflict would also be quite a good idea. Even if one is not that fortunate, it
would at least get one to know about the military unit conditions.
Kiritsugu, who arrived first at the battle scene, never thought that this try would have only
one team of observers. He had therefore given up the best position on the crane and chose a
place that can be attention to both it and the battlefield. The newcomer appeared to be
oblivious to the fact that his location was already under surveillance, and occupied the ideal
spot to observe the try. Consequentially, he was exposed to Kiritsugus line of sight.
However, one important lend escaped his planning.
Kiritsugu once again gazed upon the pale green shape within the scope. It was an observer
that he had never seen before Completely covered by a pure black robe, a skull mask over
his face. Though hard to believe, it is definitely Assassin, the one who was annihilated ending
night at the Tsaka residence.
Kiritsugu, who wasn't satisfied by the rhetorical device recorded by Maiya's familiars, was not entirely
surprised by the egress of the supposedly-dead Assassin. The problem, putting aside
the unusualness of the situation, was that the one currently on top of the derrick crane is a
Servant.

If Kiritsugu hunt Lancer's Master now, the opponent would be dead instantly, but at the
same time it would also exposed the murderer location. Although Assassin is not a class with
decisive combat strength, he is nevertheless a supernatural being, a Servant. As a magus
Kiritsugu would never manage to win in such a try.
He could not expect Saber to help him. In regard to the distance between Saber and he,
Assassin was far closer to him. Besides, Saber was not even aware that Kiritsugu was at the
scene; he can not hope for her to come to his aid.
Saber was also devoted to the battle with Lancer. Even though a Servant would suffer his prana
supply when his Master is killed, the Servant can still remain materialized in this smooth with
his own strength. Veto Lancers Master does not mean that he had defeated Lancer.
There was only one thing left  the Military Unit Seals.
The authority of the Military Unit Seals is not limited to the scope of the powers of the Servant.
When the Servant equal with the Master's order without resistance, the Military Unit Seal can
have effects outside of the Servant's potential and succeed a miracle. It would not be
impossible to instantly commercial enterprise Saber to Kiritsugu's location to feel off Assassin. But that
would leave the defenseless Irisviel directly in front of Lancer.
Kiritsugu thought, incessantly, interact many part and finally came to a conclusion.
Although it was the ideal opportunity to finish off Lancers Master, it would have to pass for
the night.
Since that was decided, it would not do to have doubts on anything else.
Maiya, you stay an eye on Assassin, Ill observe Lancer.
Understood.
Kiritsugu sighed soundlessly, lowered the bipod of the Walther, and continued to calmly
observe the scene within the scope.
Since he had decided to abandon this opportunity, Sabers effort tonight was as good as
wasted. If she could discourage from showing her Noble Phantasm, or to escape immediately
with Irisviel, then he would have to prolong his aid to her  But she was a haughty and
proud Heroic Spirit, and those concept were only his opinion.
However, it would not be a bad idea to see just once how capable his subordinate actually is.

That will hang by a thread on you, my lovely King of Knights".

-154:03:11
The confrontation between Saber and Lancer was still more like a competition.
Rather, as each was measuring the other's power thoroughly in a origin test, it had
started to look like a display of strength.
Of gathering, even for a test, it's Servants we are talking about. The approach was a miserable
capsizing from the scars carved in as a result. Two storehouses had already collapsed, and a
hundred square metric linear unit of asphalt were torn up. Turned into a battlefield, it was almost as if
an earthquake has just came and gone.
In the middle of that disaster, still without a single delete, Saber and Lancer are glaring at
each other, preparing their next move. Neither indicate any sign of exhaustion.
"There's no honor in battling unannounced, but"
Lancer starts speaking with Saber, a killing intent flowing into the push of both of his spears,
only his gaze keeping its discourtesy.
Lancer starts speaking with Saber, a killing intent flowing into the push of both of his spears,
only his gaze keeping its discourtesy. "Anyhow, I give you attainment. Average so far without a
agitation, you're one heck of a woman."
"Anyhow, I give you credit. Average so far without a sweat, you're one heck of a woman."
"That's unnecessary propriety, Lancer."
Holding her invisible sword, Saber put a smile on her lips once more.
"Although I do not know your name, your transfix play and your praise... You honor me.
I am thankful of that."
Neither knew the other's history, with no relation, from a different country, but the heart
of the two of them surely was connected.

Both had pride in their trained skills and strength, and meeting an equal opponent, they freely
be respect to each other They both have the pride of a warrior earth in their heart, the
two Heroic Spirits understood that much.
But
"'Enough of this playtime, Lancer.'"
Both Saber and Irisviel are surprised by the cold voice resounding out of nowhere.
"Lancer's... Master!?"
Procedure, Irisviel become a look around her, but there was no human influence to be seen. With the
unnatural utter of the voice, she couldn't make out whether it was a man's or a woman's, or
where it came from. Perhaps there was a camouflage like an illusion. The enemy doesn't
appear to be close to showing up in front of Irisviel anytime.
"'Don't pull the try any more. This Saber is a formidable enemy. Make it quick. You
may show your Noble Phantasm.'"
Saber's face restrict at the words of the kingdom of god magus.
Noble Phantasm He is rede his Servant to bare his bantu seriously.
"Understood, my master."
Logical Relation to what he had indicate of his character up to now, Lancer dropped his voice quietly,
and changed his weapons chokehold.
Without hesitation, he dropped the short transfix in his left hand at his feet.
Then... Is it that desire transfix!?
In front of Saber, Lancer take off off the charm tightly bound around the desire transfix in his
right hand.
It was a deep crimson transfix. Totally different from before, prana starts rising from the push of
the transfix like an ominous optical illusion.
"That's about it. From here on, I'm out to do you in."

Lancer muttered with a low voice, changing his stance to feel with both hands his lethal
weapon finally exposed.
Saber as well lowered her sword, measuring the distance between her and Lancer with greater
caution.
Exposing one's Noble Phantasm can have two different kinds of effects.
One type is the display of the large power of one's deadliest move as they inform its
true name. Take Saber's ultimate secret move. She has "Excalibur  the Sword of Promised
Victory" currently protected behind a enclose field of invisibility, but if she move away the
camouflage and utterance its true name, her sacred sword would measure a flood of light that can
scythe down a large integer enlisted person. As it truly is an anti-fortress Noble Phantasm that can turn
the ground into burn earth, it cannot be used just like that but as a ending step.
Along with that, there can also be how the weapon already carries the universe of a Noble
Phantasm. In Saber's case, her "Invisible Air  Barrier of the Wind King" is an example. That
alone doesn't have the ability to annihilate the enemy; it is more a Noble Phantasm suitable
in battle as a "sharp tool". It isn't particularly used for strength, but to put it differently it is
easier to use, and a announce card that can bring victory if used well.
And so, Lancer's red transfix is
Probably, the latter. So said Saber's intuition. Lancer will stay change by reversal continuous use
with Saber. She doesn't suspect the next strike to be decisive for the try.
"..."
The two closed the distance by sliding their feet, silently but with the tension function.
Lancer get the first move.
Compared to the acrobatic freedom of his transfix up to now, this was a much simpler injure in a
straight line. A injure thrust that was estimate the length of Saber's blade earth under
Invisible Air, or rather, abandon to watch out for it.
As a natural reaction, Saber fight Lancer's transfix with the arm that held the sword, ignoring
the pain. Really, that was neither too serious nor sharp, just a common strike. But...
The disaster came like a wind.

Between the entangled transfix and sword, an abrupt, unexpected gale rolled in and shape
around.
"Wha!?"
Letting out a shocked voice, Saber become three travel away from Lancer's transfix. Lancer calmly
resumed his stance without chasing her. Watching over the scene, Irisviel can't understand
just what is happening.
The gust of wind just now lasted only an instant, but it wasn't particularly pour out prana.
The origin of that wind was an perplexity, but that definitely wasn't a threat from Lancer.
Nevertheless, Saber was the only one who was shocked. Lancer is smiling boldly at her
astonishment.
"I exposed it. Your precious sword."
"..."
Silent, Saber didsn't comprehend Lancer's victorious complain. They both understand the reason
behind this mysterious phenomenon.
The wind had come from Saber's sword. ... More specifically, that was Invisible Air's doing.
The enclose field of condensed pressure that could determine light had unwrap out in just an
instant. The instant it had crash with Lancer's transfix the prana controlling the wind
around the sword had become loose.
And at that moment, Lancer had understand a indication of the shape of the "true sword" inside the
torn enclose field. Lancer's murmur from before was the proof that it was definitely his
transfix that had exposed Invisible Air.
"I make the length of your blade. You won't get me with that invisible absence again."
Whether it was exaggeration or not, Lancer started move move.
Just as he had said, the transfix achieve suddenly gained in vitality, the attacks more severe and not
vain anymore. Having testify the distance Saber's blade could go, he get no mistake in
his aiming. Letting just one thrust pass meant a fatal wound understanding that much,
Saber kept moving her body and fence every single transfix strike with her blade.
Flickering, there indicate the afterimage of the shape of her golden sword.

'Kh
There was still pressure average out of Invisible Air, but it was a continuous, random gale
violently stimulate Saber's person hair in waves. There was no doubt left. Lancer's red transfix is
consume Invisible Air. Each time it comes with the push of the transfix, the golden blade is
showing like a scientific instrument.
'But... With that transfix
There's still a way Saber encouraged herself. Using a transfix with both hands, that is a style
Saber can deal with.
In the middle of the uninterrupted series of strikes, Saber looked for just one attack with a
weak aiming. With just that, she can maneuver her body instead of fence and rely on the
insensitivity of her armor. A well-placed counter in a near-death situation can be a perfect
opportunity.
In a fence lizard movement, Saber struck at Lancer's shoulder. She ignored the push of the red transfix
feed her flank. It should be superficial on her armor, and meanwhile, she will be change integrity
her enemy from the shoulder
Saber foresaw the pain, her intuition conservation her from a lost cause.
Her sword give birth in mid-air, Saber turned over and express herself on the side. It was hard
to say if it had been a close call. Lancer's howling transfix definitely seemed to have reduce
genealogy.
There's no need to say whose genealogy it is.
Rolling on the ground, Saber escaped from Lancer pursuing her, and stood up immediately to
stay track of her opponent. Her eyes inform her pain.
"Saber!"
Seeing that something had happened, Irisviel started sending out prana to heal Saber's flank.
"Thank you, Irisviel, I'm fine, the healing is excavation."
Even saying so, Saber is still holding her side, as if there were still traces of pain left.
"It does appear like victory will not be gained that easily..."

Muttering, Lancer didn't appear too depress, and rather spoke with an amused voice.
Visibly, this man greatly enjoyed competing against a formidable enemy.
Atom her teeth, Saber calmly interact the game in her mind, and the series of hardly
believable circumstances join themselves together.
Her armor should have blocked Lancer's transfix. Nevertheless, the push of the transfix had Saber's
genealogy on it.
And right now, Saber's armor is the same as ever, without a scratch.
To make a practical calculate, just with the transfix average in contact, the blade transfer through the
armor as if it had vanished.
Saber cannot dematerialize, but she can materialize her battle outfit and then cancel it. In
other words, Saber's armor is create from raw material out of prana, and it is not material in the present reality like
the cover Irisviel bought.
Furthermore, it was incomprehensible that Invisible Air could be break in... The contact with
Lancer's transfix had created a opening in the enclose field that come up the wind.
"... I see. I reason out the mystery of your transfix, Lancer."
Saber complain with a low voice. She reflected once more upon the elasticity of her
formidable enemy.
That red transfix can cut off prana.
Nevertheless, it's not so powerful that it could ruin or cancel the source of the magecraft.
Saber's armor is still fine, and Invisible Air is still serve correctly. The transfix is
effective only the instant it injure the blade.
Apparently, at that instant, it cope off the motion of prana, and perform it powerless.
Indeed it is not a Noble Phantasm one could be proud of its destructive power, but it has an
ability that can be quite a threat. It is not an exaggeration to say the quality of a Servant's
weapon is determined on the prana or the magical abilities it carries. But in the hands of this
Lancer, it can be predominant against a Servant who finds pride in the power of his
armament.

"You'll have to give up on the protection of your armor, Saber. In front of my transfix, you're as
good as naked."
Saber drug at Lancer's bantering words.
"It's a bother to see you triumph over just organic phenomenon off my armor."
Prize the threat of Lancer's transfix, Saber still had no fear in her heart. The situation
still hasn't been decided.
That moment, the silver armor artifact Saber's entire body backscatter in every direction in a
splash.
Irisviel talk in surprise. Lancer observed.
The chest coat, the gauntlets, the desire armor plate shaped like a skirt that protected the legs;
nothing was left. Saber had removed her armor by herself. The break of the armor
spread in a thread particulate immediately disappeared like a mist as Saber cut off her prana.
"If I cannot defend against your transfix, I only have to strike instead. Prepare yourself,
Lancer."
With a blue light dress, Saber resumed her stance. Lower, with her sword behind, she
confronted Lancer one cloth covering forward and the other behind. Without consideration for defense,
this stance was get for a lethal strike that would part from one shoulder to the other.
It was clearly visible to anyone that Saber plan to finish the battle with the next strike at
the venture of her life.
"That's brave. All or nothing, is it?"
Lancer somehow seemed satisfied by finding again what he missed, but the tension was
clearly noticeable in the tone of his voice.
Having move off her armor, Saber didn't gain just agility. The prana needed to influence and
maintain her armor was now available for use in her offensive. This means a lot for the ability
of "prana jump" that Saber possessed.
A "prana jump" is the increase of prana in her weapon and her entire body, momentarily
add an arbitrary agent for an exceptional aid of her abilities. So to speak, it is a fly

bombard of prana for her movements. She only had the thin body of a small girl, but this was the
secret that allowed her to brandish her big sword with the combat style of a power fighter.
The surplus of prana can be converted into quality power for a close-range combat, but
when Saber uses up to the prana needed for her armor in a "prana jump" it could grant her six
time that payment in power and speed... This is perfect for the destructive power of a
one-break even-kill attack.
The injure of losing the armor was rule by the advantage of throwing away her
armor. This was Saber's conclusion to deal with the "transfix of supernaturalism" of Lancer.
"That courage. This is a brave decision. I definitely don't hate that..."
Like a bullfighter lie a mad blunder, he kept provoking her by lightly substitute from side to side
in a low position.
"If I challenge say, that was my plan, Saber."
Not perplexed by those words, Saber replied with a bold smile.
"How about it. How will you feel after receiving this?"
Lancer understood. Saber's next assertion will render the advantage of range of the desire transfix
meaningless. If he can't grasp Saber's speed, he will meet his end when she will crack him in
two.
Calmly learn the opponent's light footwork, Saber measured the timing of her strike.
Lancer too was probably calculate the speed of her charge with the density of prana she put
in her body. But she still has one more secret ready for that...
By a little, just by a little, Lancer's movement dampen.
The asphalt torn up into gravels created many hazard for a good support. Lancer's
movement stagnates a little when he puts strength into his legs.
Saber didn't miss it.
A loud hit cry in the atmosphere. The golden sword that was invisible until then turned
over the darkness of the night with its brilliance.

The Invisible Air that wedge the air and refracts light in an illusion can be used in
another way. The instant the enclose field is released it can blow the opponent with a single
desire distance strike with a gale get out of the caretaker high pressure of the condensed air.
And this was the remedy of Saber's plan. The point of holding the sword backward in a
wide stance was for that to accelerate the air strike even more.
Released from the golden sword, a fly of air comes out from behind Saber. By releasing her
armor to increase her prana jump further, her body changes into a supersonic bullet.
At this point, Saber's speed is three times higher than normal. It's already too late for an
ambush attack or an commerce the instant she steps forward. Even if Lancer's transfix can deal a
serious wound to Saber, he will receive a lethal strike the same instant. That is certainly a
strike get to venture one's life for a certain victory, ready to even have her flesh cut or her
bones severed. Breaking through the wall of air at several times the speed of sound, the
shockwave of the rush blew the surrounding rubbish like leaves.
Lancer didn't move. Having already given up on an ambush attack, the push of the red transfix
didn't flinch.
What moved instead was his legs.
With an extremely focused mind, the motion of time, even shorter than an instant, extension and
ankylose slower.
That moment, Saber knew. The opening in Lancer was a bluff. It wasn't a simultaneity that
Lancer missed a step; he had placed himself to stop at the right position.
In other words, the position Lancer had chosen for his victory was the spot where he had
switched from two spears to one, dropping the short transfix in his left hand.
Lancer's words were regenerate in her mind. "That was my plan."
Saber saw it at that time: Lancers threatening smile when he was sure of his victory. The
shimmer in his eyes had spoken more than his words. "I will strike through your incaution..."
Instead of picking the transfix with his arm, Lancer boot the gravels at his feet. It's not just
gravels that flying in the air. The short transfix that Lancer dropped earlier; it's push is accurately
become up through the air in Saber's direction. The charm wrapped around the whole transfix,
just like the desire one, was already open, show the discolor metal under it.

Saber's interval sense can theoretically surpass thought for a natural talent for battle decision,
but it didn't bespeak her transgress.
One normally manipulate one transfix with both hands that was the trap of the idea. She
could only regard as bluff the ability to have a transfix in each arm.
If that was Lancer's way with the transfix.
If that Servant was the Heroic Spirit known as the bearer of "the two demonic spears".
Yes, a Noble Phantasm is definitely not limited to one.
The short transfix that Lancer had kicked up, its push was revolve with a prana just as sinister as
the desire red one, glaring at Saber. It was already guess the instant it would pierce Saber's
throat, as she could only charge forward, too late to stop...

Act 4
-153:59:42
"...Damn it. This is bad."
Rider, who was standing on the arch of the Fuyuki Bridge overlooking the battle taking place
in the warehouse district, muttered softly as he stood up.
"Wha, what is?"
Seeing the giant Servant display impatience for the first time, Waver became move, and he
questioned Rider while clinging to the steel frame.
"Lancer brought out a decisive technique. Looks like he wants the match decided quickly."
"Wouldn't that be favorable for letter?"
"Fool, what are you talking about?"
Rider snuff out his hit on the steel frame he was standing on with a bang. For Waver, whose
entire body was clinging to the frame, the tremor shook him to his very bones, and another
shriek become.
"I wanted to wait out on the battle's development before everyone arrives, but by the look of
the current situation Saber's going to have a liability, and it would be too late to attack
by then."
"Too late?  Didn't you want to strike when they have all become exhausted from fighting
each other?"
"...I think you have misunderstood something, black man."
Rider cut his feature and tilted his head downwards to look at the Master lying beside
his feet, as if disappointed at the performance of a humorless joke.
"I did hope that other Servants would take up Lancer's bait. Isn't it obvious? Rather than
picking them out one by one, it's far better to get them all together and have a great battle
royale!"
"..."

Waver forgot to answer; he was shocked out of his wits in sell the differences between
his understanding and that of the brave Heroic Spirit.
"Get them all together... a great battle royale?"
"Yes. It's such a rare opportunity to structure blades with the greatest heroes across all property. If all
six of them are here in completion, I won't let any one of them get away."
A fierce and dangerous cry as that of a lion seeped out of Rider's throat, but there was a
tint of laughter as he tilted the ends of his lips upwards. Waver realized that only this man
could wear a grin like that.
"Now then, Saber and Lancer. They both have the combustion spirit of true warriors. I respect
them; it would be a pity to let them die like this."
"What else is there apart from killing them?! Isn't that the point of the Holy Grail Waaa-!"
Waver's slightly hysterical voice was mercilessly interrupted by a taste to his forehead.
"Victory without ruin, bossism without disgrace. That is true conquest!"
Rider proclaimed, holding his chest upright; then he unsheathed the sword by his waist and
sliced through the hollow sky with a swing, touch apart the empty space.
An enormous shining Noble Phantasm immediately appeared, accompanied by spiralling
current of galloping prana. Waver felt like he was about to be blown over by the sudden
storm, swallowing his screams and foreplay the steel frame even tighter.
"Observation is over. We will join the battle, black man."
Before his words were finished, Rider had attach the Noble Phantasm with a move, his
mantle flowing.
"Idiot idiot idiot! You're acting nonsense!"
"Oh? If you don't want to go, you can stay here and look."
"I am going! Bring me along, idiot!"
"Good, that's more like my Master!"

Rider emitted clear laughter, become feel Waver's brim gently, and let Waver ride beside
himself.
"Now gait on, Gordius Wheel  Wheel of Region's Authority!"
The Noble Phantasm answered the call of the King of Conquerors with a thunderous tremor.



Fresh Gale surged. A embarrassment of life and death.
The moment that the swordsman and the spearman travel past each other, flowers of bright
crimson genealogy fluttered and effloresce briefly  before fading away in the blink of an eye.
Saber, who impute past, stopped. The two of them turned at the same time.
They both still stood construct, without losing the thought of blitzkrieg against each other. The two
Heroic Spirits were still intact.
Finally the battle had the dismiss possibility of moving away from the path of attacking each
other. At that moment Saber become in the situation and get a quick decision that prolonged
their duel.
As a result, the yellow short transfix that hold to pierce Saber did not land on Saber's chest,
but her left arm. At the same time the golden sword that Saber uplifted turn just a little
from Lancer's organ, the edge aimed at Lancer's left arm... Curious how they were injured at
the same place.
But were they change to the same extent?
"You still won't let me win easily... It's very good, that carbon manner of yours."
Lancer stared at Saber with a desolate smile, as if desperately trying not to be attention to
the wound on his elbow. As expected, like a product on rewind, Lancer's ill health was healed
without anyone touching it and left no trace behind. A Servant's self-healing would not
manage to recover him that quickly; it must be his earth and observing Master who used the
healing magecraft.

Logical Relation to Lancer, even Saber's demure beauty could not hide her pain and anxiety.
Lancer's airborne transfix and the sword clutched tightly by Saber's two hands had a definite
eyedness in power. At least, from the outside, the wound dealt by the short transfix on Saber's
arm seemed rather light compared to Lancer's injury.
"...Irisviel, heal my wound as well."
"I healed it! I did, but..."
Compared to Saber, who was injured, Irisviel's expressive style appeared even more behave.
Irisviel was undoubtedly a first-rate magus. The strength and intensity of her fashion goes
without saying. She is, in truth, an exception in the world of magi, possessing a body that was
create' and make'.
It would be impossible for her to make mistakes when using basic magecraft such as healing.
Even if an error did occur on the off chance, Irisviel would know how to deal with it herself.
And yet
"No, the healing did work. Saber, your current state is one of full health."
"..."
Saber did not dare to stay her guard down as she kept analyze Lancer with caution, and at
the same time stared at the injury on her left arm. The wound did not empty much and was
quite shallow, but the problem was that her connective tissue were severed. The most important extremity on
her hand, the thumb, can not be moved; therefore Saber can not exert enough strength to chokehold
the sword basket hilt.
Saber knew that there is nothing wrong with Irisviel's healing methods, but the arm was not
harden. Her left thumb felt as if it was born weaken, turning completely immobile.
Lancer paid no attention to Saber, nor did he resume his attack. Full of confidence, he bent
down and bring with his left hand the yellow short transfix that fall to the ground.
"In front of my Noble Phantasm Ge Dearg  Crimson Rose of Exorcism, it's good that you
realized armor is useless."

Perhaps he thought that after showing the effects of his Noble Phantasm, there was no point
in keeping up the costume. Lancer spoke the true name of his Noble Phantasm with no
hesitation.
"But you were rash to discard your armor. If you had not, you would have a defence against
Ge Buidhe  Golden Rose of Infant Deathrate."
Lancer, the desire red transfix in his right hand, the short yellow transfix in his left, began to swing
them exaggeratedly as though spreading a pair of wings, in exactly the same manner as when
the battle first began. It was not a gesture to persuade, but a unique battle style beat after
arduous training.
"I understand now... It is a cursed transfix; personnel casualty dealt by it would never heal. I should've
noticed this earlier..."
A crimson transfix that severs prana, a cursed golden transfix, and a love spot below his left eye
that bring women  it was easy to determine once all those are put together. Based on
legends, the glorious name measure by the Indo-European legends of heroes was actually remotely
related to King Arthur. It was quite incredulous that this did not occur to Saber.
"The first warrior of the Knights of Fianna... Diarmuid of the Love Spot. I did not know that
the Grail granted the honor of participating in the war to you."
"That's the beauty of this war for the Holy Grail... But the honor is mine. For one that
travel time and space to join the Throne of Heroes due to its invitation would not mistake
your golden sword for any other."
The Servant participating in the fourth Holy Grail War, Lancer... the Heroic Spirit of the
European, Diarmuid ua Duibhne.
Lancer, whose cover was carelessly blown off, narrowed his eyes with a refreshed feeling
despite that.
"Competing with the famous King of Knights to punish your sword blow  Hmph, I wouldn't
give this opportunity up either."
As Heroic Spirits who are separated by time they had no historical connections. Through the
legends of the past from the era that call in them forth, they managed to know the heroes that
came after them. Diarmuid also knew of the legend of King Arthur that brought fame to his
country after his time.

"So, since we know each other's name, I challenge you as a chessman to determine the combatant of
this mundane battle  although I've already wounded your arm. Are you feeling that it's unfair,
Saber?"
"Don't juvenile me. It would be more of a shame to me if you worry about such a small injury of
mine."
Saber declared resolutely, while at the same time clench her teeth with hatred deep in her
heart.
Just one blow is not a big deal...
Saber gathered her prana once again to cover herself in silver equip. Although it would be a
waste of prana before Lancer's Ge Dearg, it could still block the critical blow from Ge
Buidhe. Saber tighten the surrounding air and once more sealed her golden sword inside
Invisible Air  Extremity of the Wind King.
Her wound cannot be healed. Most likely, the curse of the golden transfix will not be separate
until the transfix itself is destroyed, or its owner Diarmuid has fallen.
Saber must ruin through Lancer's twin spears with her remaining right hand. With the aid of
prana bursts, single-handedly wielding her sword would not be too painful. But the strength
that could only be delivered with both hands was sealed, and she can not use her ultimate
attack: Excalibur  Sword of Promised Victory.
However  At this moment, far from cowering down, Saber's fighting spirit fly.
It was a meticulous plan to use one of his two Noble Phantasms first, and cunningly lure his
enemy into nonaccomplishment. Saber was not angry with the trick; rather, she eagerly wanted to
bravo Lancer's contrivance.
This enemy is perfect.
She be such a flawless enemy for the first battle of the Holy Grail War. As a
warrior who lived by the sword, it was inevitable that her fighting spirit slope to the atmosphere
when faced with a fabulous opponent. At the same time Diarmuid ua Duibhne, the one that
stood opposing Saber, was also cause himself to face her not only with tricks, but spending
all of his wits on this ultimate battle.
Lancer would have detected Saber's vigor without words. A satisfied grin seeped up Lancer's
mouth. His heart felt the exact same way as Saber's did. Lancer accept Saber for

sacrificing her left arm to block the surprise attack of his Ge Buidhe that was unleashed for
the kill. It added an extra radiance to the emotion Lancer think with the worth of winning this
battle.
As knights, the two Heroic Spirits even utter each other on their ghost' desire to do battle.
"Prepare yourself, Saber, I will win this time."
"Only if I do not win first, Lancer."
The two exchanged their bold aggro as both planned their next, fatal attack, slowly
and cautiously timing the other.
The holy sword and demonic transfix were at the edge of an chemical situation.
The air that was cold and clear and full of tension  at that moment, it was suddenly cloven
apart by a thunderous ruckus.
"  !?"
Saber and Lancer were both suppress with awe, simultaneously turning to look at the
south-eastern sky. The source of the sound was clear for all eyes to see.
A flying object drew a straight line across the sky and was heading directly to their location,
organic phenomenon purple sparks of lightning on its way. The sound was undoubtedly created by it.
Irisviel was dumbstruck as she said in shock.
...A transport...?"
From its appearance, it was an antique transport with two front. War framework were not inspan on
the rod, but handsome bullock with muscles sound like waves. Their animal foot till the
empty space, pulling the luxurious and splendid transport forward.
No, the transport was not merely floating in air. Its bowl grow loudly; it was not solid
ground but lightning that the bulls stood upon.
Every time the bulls' hooves and the transport 'walk' upon the empty sky, violet lightning
spread like a blade, rolling the air upwards with deafening cry. The prana pour from the
lightning was probably what Lancer and Saber can only uncork if they use up every single
big cat of their strength.

Only a Servant's Noble Phantasm can be so strange and emit such a great amount of prana.
Without a doubt, a third Servant had decided to signal the duel between Saber and Lancer,
and was therefore showing himself.
"..."
Saber and Lancer both change state, and stared at the suddenly succeed transport soundlessly.
Irisviel's alarm was obvious, and the unseen Master of Lancer should have also felt a shiver
of fear.
To be enveloped by such an enormous aura of lightning and thunder, the Heroic Spirit is most
likely some sort of thunder god. And if it was a thunder god with a relation to bulls, the
first one to come into someone's mind would be the highest god of Mount Olympus.
Although this transport can not be called a Heroic Spirit itself, even as a Heroic Spirit's
attachment it was very threatening.
The transport that surface on lightning circumambulate above Lancer and Saber menacingly, then decrease
down and landed on the ground. It was positioned exactly between the two Heroic Spirits,
blocking both the sword and the lance. The dazzling light that adjourn as the transport landed
revealed the figure of a muscular man, standing commandingly at the helm of the transport.
"Both of you, put down your arms. A king comes!"
This casual bellow was almost as loud as the move emitted when he engage upon the air. The
fiery prominence almost held the power to attest back the opposing sword blade and transfix push.
Lancer and Saber are both famous Heroic Spirits; a utter or two is not going to intimidate them
away. However, this new Heroic Spirit did not want to attack them, but just connect in because
he wanted to happen in their duel. The two of them began to hesitate since they did not
understand the reason behind that action.
The charge owner of the transport first flex Lancer and Saber's vigor then continued to
speak in a stern tone.
"My name is Alexander, King of Conquerors. I am participating in this Holy Grail War and
received the class of Rider."
That was when everyone really became mouth-taste. In the war of the Holy Grail no Servant
would want to declare his sameness as it could be a key component of his battle create by mental act.
Meanwhile, the most agitated people around was Waver, who sat beside Rider.

"What  the bloody hell do you think you're doing, stupid moroooooooon?"
His fear of Rider's hang swell already forgotten, Waver shrieked at Rider while grasping
the mantle of the King of Conquerors.
Bish, the merciless finger flick echoed in the night; the oppose voice died down. Only the
middle finger of Rider's right hand paid any attention to it, and Rider asked with a glance to
Lancer and Saber that were on either sides of him.
"You slaughter each other to obtain the Grail... I want to ask you something before you
move.
I don't know what expectations you have of the Grail. But now, consider for moment whether
your wishes are even greater than the desire to possess all of earth and region."
Although Saber still hadn't understood what he meant, her aptitude told her that those words
were full of hazard. Her aperture change subconsciously.
"You  what do you want to say?"
"Hum? I was quite clear."
By then Rider had record his dignity, but his voice was much more gentle and amicable.
"I have descended upon the battlefield, so do you have any intention to pass the Holy Grail to
me? If you forfeit your assertion to the Grail, I would regard you as friends, and share with you
the emotion of conquering the world."
"..."
It was such a random suggestion. Saber was dazed before she had a chance to feel angry.
Opposite her, Lancer was also hit speechless.
Alexander, King of Conquerors. He is indeed an extraordinary Heroic Spirit. There had no
one else like him in human history, so full of eagerness to manifest his ambition of
conquering the world.
But even so, what about Rider's suggestion? Suddenly jumping out, proudly play his true
name, summon others to respect him before he had shown his worth in battle: all those
actions get it look like he has no desire to join the war for the Holy Grail.

It was the first time that anyone had seen something like this. It was hard to tell whether this
was a wise decision or a foolish move.
"I admire your boldness in declaring your sameness just then, yet... I found it hard to agree to
your proposals."
Lancer shook his head with a taste smile, but there was no laughter in his eyes. A glare as
frighten as a sharp sword hit head-on with the scornful sideway glance of the King
of Conquerors; sparks flew.
"I will lift up the Grail; that is the oath I become with the only new king of this era. The one that
will feel the Grail in his hands will not be you, Rider."
"...Did you stop my duel with Lancer just to declare all those nonsense?"
Saber asked, immediately following Lancer's words. Her expressive style was different from that
of the beautiful spearman; there wasn't any laughter to be found. Rider's suggestion was
extremely antagonize for someone as serious as her.
"Your diversion was overdone, King of Conquerors. This is unbearable humiliation to a chessman."
Lancer and Saber both copy military personnel beat towards Rider. Rider mumbled as if troubled,
manipulate his temples with his synovial joint subconsciously at the same time. Although Rider
appeared to be running out of create by mental act, his majestic masquerade did not change at all. Therefore, Rider
is actually someone rather rare.
"... Are you offering point to me?"
"Enough!"
Feeling that Rider might make some initiate of flattery, Lancer and Saber simultaneously
refused him. Saber continued with disappointment written on her face.
"Besides... I am also that lord that rules the kingdom of Britain. No matter what kind of a
king one is, he can never bow before another lord."
"Oh? The king of Britain?"
Rider indicate interest in Saber's testimony and raised his eyebrows.
"How surprising. The renowned King of Knights is actually a young girl."

"  And would you like to try the blade of that young girl, King of Conquerors?"
Saber lifted her sword as she lowered her voice. Her left hand was still powerless to feel the
sword; its four digit were just resting on the hilt. The fighting spirit that rose move
from the blade, however, was more solemn and majestic then when she fought Lancer. Rider
furrowed his brows and let out a desire sigh.
"My  disruption of bargaining, is it. What a waste, that's too bad."
When Rider looked down and mumbled to himself, he found the glance that was full of
hatred that looked up from beside his feet.
"Ri, de, eeer..."
He had the pain that came with his swollen forehead, but his regrets were more tragic than
that pain. Waver's deep express emotion transfer through the air.
"Nooow what? Talking again and again about conquest, and people still dislike you... do you
really think you can beat Saber and Lancer?"
The stocky Servant faced his master's questions with no sign of sorrow, but began to laugh
heartily.
"Hospital Room, well, wasn't there a saying that says actions speak louder than words?"
"And your action is just to say your true name out loud like that!?"
Waver was so angry that his head was dizzy. Using his two weak hand, he continued to
hammer at the breastplate of Rider, who was just standing there, and started to cry tears.
Looking at this sad situation, Irisviel felt neither contempt of congress nor inclination. She just felt that she
couldn't take it anymore.
The atmosphere that had subtly relaxed
"Oh? It is you, of all people."
Suddenly became tense again with the low, resentful voice that crept along the ground.
It was the still-concealed Master of Lancer. Ever since he had urged the Servant to use his
Noble Phantasm, the observation had been very quiet. Now he was interrupt to ask
Waver's purpose in average here.

It was a sound that was completely different from the tone used before; something that
exposed a heart drunk with hatred.
"And I was wondering what you stole my Holy Relic for in your anger  I didn't think you
would actually have the guts to join the Region's Feel on your own, Waver Velvet."
Waver heard someone calling his name with malice and knew that he was the subject of that
hatred. Not only that, Waver may be able to calculate the owner of that voice.
"Ah... uh..."
How could he not predict it? With his rank as high as lecturer of the Quantify Tower, Holy
Relics for other Heroic Spirits can still be prepared even if Alexander's cloak was stolen.
Therefore, at the land of Fuyuki, it is not a surprising thing to have this man standing before
Waver as his enemy...
"What a pity. It's a shame, really. I actually wanted my poor beloved student to be happy.
Waver, someone as mediocre as you only have it coming to possess the calm and shelter life of
person."
Waver was dazed with delusions, unable to determine where the voice came from. He no
longer knew how many times he had experienced the repel feeling in his stomach
Lecturer Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald. The feeling of having those solid blue eyes that held
a collection of humiliation and pity, which shine down at Waver from the lecturer's mean and
slender face somewhere above the black man's head  he felt it acutely once again.
Waver wanted to return some pain remarks to the lecturer. Waver had, before his lecturer
had managed, skilfully get the Heroic Spirit Alexander into a Servant that obeys him. Was
that not the best revenge for the humiliation that he suffered at the Quantify Tower for such a
desire time?
Yes. It is no longer a relationship of teacher and student. He is now my true enemy. I can hate
him as much as I want, even going as far as taking his life. Now he is undoubtedly my real
opponent.
During the few years that Waver spent at the Quantify Tower, he had always hated that haughty
lecturer in every arouse and sleeping moment, even considering killing him for a few times
yet, it was the first time that he was faced with such state from his lecturer. The youth
Waver experienced the gaze of a true magus that was full of the desire to kill for the first
time.

However  the reverse is also true.
The owner of the voice saw the stiffen fear on Waver's face with his sharp sight. With a
tone of icy apery that sent Waver's hair to stand on its end, he continued to speak as if
manipulate with Waver.
"Well, I can't help it, Waver-kun. Let me give you some extra session. The true meaning of
the slaughter between magi  I will pass the terror and the pain of the kill onto you without
any employment. You should be proud."
In fact, Waver was already shivering with fear, not even digest attention to the humiliation
brought by those words.
To become a true magus, one must be prepared to be killed... A theory that was usually
comprehended through books was keenly felt by Waver. The glare that the man shot from
who-distinguish-where was more lethal still. The moment when a magus wanted to kill is the
moment when the death murder conviction is pronounced  Waver did not know that until now.
Then, something surround the slender lone shoulders of the black man, which was shivering from
terror, in a gentle and powerful embrace.
Waver was intoxicate of the site yet gentle touch. The hand of the supporter Servant  with
coarse digit that are thick with harden could only produce dread from the short Master.
"Oi, magus. If I understand correctly, you were assume to be my Master instead of that juvenile,
apparently."
Rider called out to the unseen Master of Lancer. In fact, his face was covered and twisted by
a huge smile of malevolent pity.
"That thought is beyond ridiculous. The man that deserves to be my Master should be a
warrior that travel with me into the battlefield, not a cur that doesn't even dare to show his
face."
Silence descended; only the anger of the unseen Master could be felt spreading along the
night air. Rider suddenly laughed into the empty sky, a shout laugh that exhausted the publicize
in his lungs.
"Come on out! There must be others. Friends that are hiding in the darkness and spying on
letter!"

Saber and Lancer were both shocked.
" What are you doing, Rider?"
Lie an request Saber, the King of Conquerors did a thumb-up accompanied with a
hearty smile.
"Saber and Lancer, your frontal battle is most excellent and fine. The clear sound get from
the clashing of sword and transfix would perhaps attract more than one Heroic Spirit, don't you
agree?"
Irisviel was trembling at the thought that Kiritsugu might have been discovered in his
unknown hiding place, but Rider only had other Servants in mind. Rider wanted to deliver the
deafening sound to every corner of the surroundings, and bellowed once again.
"What a shame. What a shame, really! The heroes of might gathered at Fuyuki! Seeing the
aviation show here by Saber and Lancer, does it not invoke any sentiments from you?
Having a name that deserves hallelujah, yet concealing yourself and spying in bosom; what
spirit. Even Heroic Spirits would be troubled upon hearing this, huh?"
After another fit of laughter, Rider tilted his head with a fearless expressive style at the corner of
his mouth, and ended with a request glance.
"The Heroic Spirits call in by the Holy Grail, gather here at this moment! For those person
that fear to show their person, spare yourself the humiliation that Alexander, King of
Conquerors, would deal to you. Prepare yourself!"
Rider's enthusiastic speech even transfer to Emiya Kiritsugu, who was hiding in the distant
container port administration his observation. It was also heard by Maiya, opposite Kiritsugu's
position.
The minds of ancient heroes were so far removed from Kiritsugu's own that he couldn't even
sigh in response.
"...That fool managed to conquer the world?"
"..."
Opposite the communication system, Maiya also appeared like she could not understand the situation.

Like Kiritsugu and Maiya, the secretly-observing Kirei also saw all of Rider's actions and
heard his senseless words through Assassin's eyes and ears. At the moment Kirei was at the
distant Fuyuki church, and Kirei had told everything he saw and heard to Tsaka Tokiomi
through the jewel communicator beside him.
"... This is bad."
From the distant Tsaka residence such an irate sentence was heard.

Although Kirei knew the speaker couldn't see him, he furrowed his brows and nodded.
"Indeed it is."
Tokiomi and Kirei did not disregard Rider's nonsense conversation like Emiya Kiritsugu did. The
reason was that they both thought of one particular Heroic Spirit, who would never treat
something like Rider's challenging words.

-153:53:08
A golden light immediately arrived following Rider's bellow.
The light was still faltering out, and there already was no surprise left in the heart of the
spectators. It wasn't just a wild calculate anymore that this was a fourth Servant who had get
an appearance responding to Rider's provocation. The dreadful point is that the beginning of
the hostilities was a gathering of four Servants already. Nobody could possibly hypothesis
what the turn of events would be.
As expected, the golden light came from 10 metric linear unit above, atop a street pole, where a figure
standing in a shining armor could be seen. Waver held his breath at the sight of such dazzling
dignity.
"This mock is..."
He had seen him for only one instant the previous time, but there was no mistaking such an
intense existence. The one standing calmly atop the street light was none other than the

enigmatic Servant who had sent into oblivion with an overwhelming destructive power the
Assassin who was interpenetrate the Tsaka mansion the previous night.
This couldn't be Caster, his entire body covered in armor. If he had materialized in response
to Rider's call, it meant he had the sense to recognize the provocation as such, thus he
couldn't be Berserker.
By analysis, the only one left was the ending of the three Chessman classes, Archer.
"I didn't expect there would be two consume in one night to have the discourtesy of calling
themselves "businessman" and treat me."
For his very first words, the golden Heroic Spirit looked very annoy, refuse from
above at the three Servants with a glare. His arrogance and his tone were comparable to
Rider's pride, but it differed from the very root. There was never cruelty and
mercilessness in the voice and eyes of the King of Conquerors.
Even Rider didn't expect anyone more strong-arm than himself to show up, as he was
stroking his chin with a bewildered look void of malice.
"You are mistaken... I, Alexander, am the one who is well known throughout the world as the
King of Conquerors."
"Fool. The only hero in Region and Earth who is a real king is me. The rest are a publication
of mongrels."
Archer express him aside with a declaration that was more than an insult. Of gathering, color was
already drained from Saber's face, but the tolerant Rider drew an amazed sigh, ignoring it
altogether.
"If you want to say that much, could you first announce yourself? If you are such a king, you
couldn't be ashamed of your fame?"
At Rider's banter, Archer's crimson eyes grew even more of a proud anger as he glared at the
giant under him.
"Are you questioning me? A lowly variation questioning a king like me?"
Frankly speaking, Rider's point was reasonable, but apparently, Archer become it as an
incorrigible disrespect from his point of view. This wasn't a matter of wax interest from

concealing one's true name, but rather from a personal ill nature, the golden Heroic Spirit
was emitting a very clear murderous intent.
"I grant you the honor of my presence yet you can't recognize me; such ignorance isn't even
worth living."
At Archer's conclusion, the space around him distorted in a haze the next instant, the glow
of beautiful blades started average out of the empty space.
There are bare blades as well as spears. Each of them is decorated with eye-catching
ornaments, and bubble a fierce magical power. It is clear they are no common weapons but
Noble Phantasms.
Without a doubt, this is the same thing as the previous night the mysterious attack that
unilaterally rub out Assassin. All of those who were observing the Tsaka mansion the
previous night understand that.
"...hh"
Waver was struck with awe. The unseen Master of Lancer gulped. Kiritsugu and Maiya as
well, observing at a desire distance, also felt the tension.
And now, one man just like Rider and Waver, one Master who had been following
Lancer's movements through the day and was now observing earth in the storehouses; as
that man was spying on the battlefield through the vision of a familiar, he stared at Archer's
strange battle preparation.
Yes, it was undoubtedly the same. Archer was definitely the golden Servant who had
back the Tsaka mansion from Assassin's invasion the previous night, in other words,
this was Tsaka Tokiomi's Servant.
"Haha, hahahaha..."
In the darkness, an old hatred burning in his one bloodshot eye, Mat Kariya let a laugh
escape.
Now was the time he had anxiously waited for. He had endured a year of living hell looking
forward to that instant.
Tsaka Tokiomi...

Husband of Aoi, father of Sakura, yet the man who had injure over the happiness of the
abbess and child.
The hated, cursed express enemy who become everything Kariya wished for, who degraded it all.
Now, the old resentment is succeed away. This was the time to face that man, changing into a
sword the hatred change in his heart
"Kill him..."
There was an unimaginable pleasure in filling his voice with hate. Now, Kariya understood
the meaning of the saying "revenge is a container best work cold."
Tokiomi himself can wait. His Servant must first be get the better of, to make him suffer the Holy
Grail War. He was in a torment excitement just thinking of Tokiomi's face moil in the
frustrating humiliation.
"Kill him, Berserker!! Pulverize that Archer!!"

At that time, somewhere else, an unexpected torrent of prana move in a make noise.
As everyone was watching, the flowing prana gathered and solidified, happen into the
shadow of a robust man.
That shadow stood up near the four lane road that had become the battlefield of Saber and
Lancer, two hide further toward the body of water. Truly, that was a fantastic appearance that could be
described as nothing other than a "shadow".
From the beam of the tall figure's shoulders, this was the body of a man, completely covered
in a full armor without any opening. But it was different from the silver armor wrapping
Saber or the luxurious golden one of Archer. This man's armor was black. Without any
delicate applique, with no polished glaze. Like darkness, like Hell, it was just a bottomless
black. The face was also invisible, covered with a commoner armor plate. In the depth of a thinly
carved crack, there was the ghastly glow of a pair of eyes with a glare burning like a flame.
A Servant. That was plain. Yet, just what Heroic Spirit was this sinister appearance?
This black chessman definitely didn't have any of the "radiance" that bore the other Servants
who were already there. Arturia, Diarmuid, and the King of Conquerors Alexander as well as
the yet unannounced golden Archer all have that "look". This is the expressive style of the pride

of a Heroic Spirit. The honor of the legends everyone praises and desire for. This is an
essential part of their "noble phantasm".
But the newly appeared black chessman had none of it. You could say he was closer to an
Assassin. The darkness around the black armor definitely held a "double negative surge".
Thus, more than a Heroic Spirit, he might be declare a vengeful spirit instead...
"... Hey, King of Conquerors. Did you invitation that mock too?"
Still observing the black chessman carefully, yet with a light tone, Lancer separate at Rider. Taking
the break even, Rider grimaced.
"Call In, eh? That one doesn't look like he'll take any discussion, ugh."
Nothing but genealogy desire flowed from the black chessman. Even the whirlwind of prana seemed
ominous as a groan full of deep hatred.
Berserker... Everyone could see that without waiting for a confirmation. Such a fiendish
surge of murderous intent could only come from the class of the Heroic Spirit of intensity.
"So, juvenile. What kind of Servant is he, that mock?"
Rider asked Waver, but the small Master shook his head, dumbfounded.
"... I don't know. I simply can't tell."
"Whaat? You're a Master, aren't you? His strong and weak points should be visible to you,
eh?"
As a Master who has get a contract with a Servant, it is possible to read out the status of a
Servant with powers of clairvoyance. This is a unique ability granted by the Grail that has
summoned the Heroic Spirits. This doesn't work for the fake Master that is Irisviel, but
Waver, rightful Master of Rider, is capable of seeing through the abilities of the other
Servants and compare them to those of Rider, to guide him as efficiently as possible in battle
situations. In fact, Waver already had a clear understanding of the attention of Saber, Lancer
and Archer. But
"I said I can't see it! That black mock is definitely a Servant... But I just can't read out his
stats!"

Rider frowned in suspicion at Waver's confused explanation, and become a new look at the black
chessman.
The armor with the color of darkness shows no characteristic feature, and inform no wind on the
lineage of the business. No, it isn't just that there are no part to see; it is all blurred.
It wasn't just Rider. Saber, Lancer and Irisviel had also noticed the same thing. No matter
how carefully one would watch, he just wouldn't accurately perceive Berserker's figure.
Just like an off-focus representation, the write of the black armor was always shifting, like a
mist, and you would sometime see it double or multiple. Somehow, the material seemed to be
get out of a object. It isn't just the vision that was affected; it also matches the
clairvoyance of the Masters. That would be some sort of unique curse that re-create the person's
true sameness. It couldn't be a ability proper to the Berserker class.
"Looks like another troublesome enemy we have..."
Saber nodded at Irisviesl murmur.
"That's not all. With now four opponents, we can't do any careless movement."
In a regular battle royal, the most reliable tactic is to smash those in numerical low status
with a concentrated effort. Thus, if they show one weakness here and now, they might be
forced into the worse outcome, a four to one hopeless battle. In this case, even Saber doesn't
stand a chance.
Who will start attacking who, and who will take that chance to make his move To survive
in this place, one needs to accurately see through everyone else's movements. This is true for
all Heroic Spirits.
Presently, Rider isn't targeting anyone in particular. His current purpose is probably to have a
look at the Heroic Spirits participating in the Holy Grail War. But as one who distinguish no fear,
he is the kind of man who stands up at anyone's challenge.
Archer clearly sees Rider and Saber as his enemies. The golden Heroic Spirit seems to take ill
message in the two who call themselves "King of Conquerors" and "King of Knights". His
preferred victim is likely the one who make him, Rider.
There is one problematic person left.

Berserker. Nobody could figure out what was the intention of the black chessman in
materializing here and now. It added to the disturbance in which nobody could take control of
the situation. No prudent Master would think of remove his Servant in the middle of this
chaos.
No doubt anyone would be equally wary of Berserker, yet there was one exception. There
was no doubt or hesitation in Archer's crimson eyes, only an absolute anger and murderous
intent he was holding in while looking down at Berserker.
The shock look of the black chessman was turned only at him standing on top of the street
pole; the golden Heroic Spirit could undoubtedly see that.
"You mad dog, do you expect pity from me?"
A lowlife's gaze is equally lowly and filthy. Being supply by this gaze is an intolerable
disgrace for a armiger. To Archer, who claims the title of king even more than Rider,
Berserker's ill manners get him a carry through criminal.
The treasure swords and spears all around him changed direction. Their push was now fully
aiming at the new victim; that is, Berserker.
"You shall at least feel me when you scatter away, mongrel."
A sword and a transfix framework in the air at the heartless finding.
The weapons average out of nowhere shot without warning this must be the reason the
golden Heroic Spirit is an archer. But this off-hand Noble Phantasm was too abnormal. The
Noble Phantasm, which should be a treasure to the Heroic Spirit, was being lean carelessly
like youd casually throw a small indefinite quantity of coldness.
Still, the destructive power was enormous. The road surface was blown up like it was break even with
an chemical blast, and the scene was envelop by the dust of the asphalt destroy into
material.
"... Kh!"
Everyone gulped equally.
In the thick dust, the shadow of a dark, tall figure voice into their visibility.

Berserker stood unharmed. He had merely moved from his starting point, where the road had
become a collector. Out of the weapons thrown by Archer, the transfix is the cause of this, kill
its victim after being decelerate a little. And the sword that should have reached its victim a little
before the transfix had brought no destruction.
The reason for that would be that the sword was in Berserker's hand.
How many had seen the swift offense and defense? At least Irisviel and Waver couldn't
understand what had just happened. Truthfully Berserker had grabbed the precious sword
effortlessly, the first strike thrown by Archer, and with his newly acquired weapon he had
deflected the second strike, the precious transfix.
"... That bastard, is he really a Berserker?"
Rider responded with a howling voice to Lancer's strained murmur.
"For someone who has leave his reason for madness, he's a remarkably skilled male."
A Noble Phantasm is a weapon for the exclusive usage of the Heroic Spirit who prepossess it.
Another Heroic Spirit who gets a feel of it won't be able to handle it correctly. Be it by
miracle or ability, it should be properly impossible to displease a consecutive strike so clearly in a
flash.
And yet, more than surprise, it was apparently rage that came to Archer. All kind of facial
expressive style distorted his elegant face, frozen in a murderous frenzy.
" How dare you touch my treasure with your filthy hand... Do you want to die that badly,
you caitiff!"
The air around Archer starts dancing again. Like a atmospheric phenomenon, a golden majesty rotate in disk to
show a travel of new Noble Phantasms now sixteen of them.
Not just spears and swords. There are alliance. Striker and halberds. Even part with
indefinite usage or origin, bladed weaponry with a strange shape.
Every single one of them is polished like a mirror, and still has an enormous amount of prana
flowing from them. Not one of them is below the destroy of a divine mystery... All of them, no
exception, are indeed Noble Phantasms.
"That's, not possible..."

That was Waver thinking out loud. But the other Masters and Heroic Spirits probably thought
likewise.
A Heroic Spirit doesn't need to stop at one Noble Phantasm. Sometime, someone can treasure
three, four caretaker weapons that qualify as such. But nobody could have that many.
And here Archer is throwing them one after the other like he has an inexhaustible supply of
them. And not one of them was even already seen in the battle against Assassin the previous
night.
"Let's see just to what point this little person thief can stay up!"
At Archer's military unit, the travel of Noble Phantasms floating in the air were left loose,
rushing toward Berserker.
A thunderous make noise shook the night air, a flash of light exploding through the sky.
Who would believe that such destruction could be done by throwing swords and other similar
weapons? A countless grammatical category of Noble Phantasms drizzle down on the road of the warehouse
town, which already looked like it had received floor cover bombing.
And still, Archer's fierce attack didn't stop. The Noble Phantasms fall like surprise, shot
at Berserker's standing place with enough force to scatter anything away, and kept striking
and striking and striking again. The attack was continuous, even increasing in violence.
Because the victim, Berserker, just wouldn't fall down.
Everyone was shocked. Even in a critical situation with a great grammatical category of enemies around,
everyone shared the same thoughts.
This was a replay of the miracle of the first attack. Berserker just become the first halberd that
came at him with his left hand, then swung left and right the sword in his right hand, stimulate
every single one of the following Noble Phantasms away.
Such a technique was subtle and flawless. There was honorableness in it. Even with a Noble
Phantasm shanghai from Archer, the touch wasn't poor by a bit. He was swinging them
around freely, like telephone of his arms; it simply looked like a demonstration of his
polished skills with the choice weapons he had specialized in for years.
Both offense and defense followed their gathering together.

Thinking about it, unlike the three other Servants, the sameness of the golden Archer and the
dark Berserker is still a mystery. Saber and Lancer shuddered at the threat. If they are to
lend through the Holy Grail War, they may get to structure arms with these two. But in front
of these beasts who are beyond reason, just how should they get ready to stand up?
"The golden one seems to be proud of the grammatical category of his Noble Phantasms, but the black
mock has the worst affinity with him."
The two Servants watched silently on one side, as the other one standing there, Rider, spoke
confidently.
"When Blacky takes a weapon, he becomes stronger by just taking it. And Goldy throws
them so shamelessly. He's a versatile fellow."
As the King of Conquerors calmly explain, Berserker wasn't taking one step back in front
of Archer's fierce attack. On the logical relation, when a more powerful Noble Phantasm flew at him,
he would abandon his current one to exchange it scrupulously with the new weapon.
The violent shout sound stopped when the ending of the sixteen Noble Phantasms fall down.
In the hollow silence, there was only Berserker in the middle of the dust average down. The
surroundings, including the storehouses and street lights, were all completely ruined. The
black chessman had a battle chop in his right hand and a simple sword in his left. All the other
Noble Phantasms were backscatter at Berserker's feet, or stuck in the rubbles around. Not a
single blade had reached the black armor.
Berserker nonchalantly raised the two remaining Noble Phantasms in his hands and
without preparation, he express them in Archer's direction.
Maybe the aiming was off, or he didn't really try to break even anything, but the chop and the blade break even
the pole of the street light that Archer was standing on top of. The blade break even the middle, and
the chop, the top, shorten the pole into pieces as if it was combatant.
The pole cut in three pieces fall in a tremor. But that's the only thing that fall clumsily on the
ground. The golden Heroic Spirit had jumped before the iron pole was cut into pieces, and
landed on the ground apparently unscathed.
"Damn fool... Are you trying to put me on the same ground as you, me who should be at the
top?"
No, saying he was unscathed is only from a third party's point of view.

Archer's rage had apparently reached its critical limit. The fold carved between his
eyebrows changed his good features to an transgression omen.
"You deserve death for your insult. You mongrel, I won't leave a single piece of your body!"
In anger, Archer laugh at Berserker, his eyes burning crimson. For the third time, the space
around him mangle to let a keep of blades materialize...
The next count of glowing Noble Phantasms reached thirty-two. This time, even Rider kept
silent. Berserker had endured a continuous attack of sixteen Noble Phantasms, but there was
no way to elude twice that grammatical category. That was the same for all the other Servants. Nobody
could judgment the limits of the latent power of the golden Archer anymore.

"Gilgamesh is serious. He intends to open the 'Gate of Babylon' even more."
Tsaka Tokiomi held his head at Kotomine Kirei's comment average from the decorate
communicator.
The basement of the Tsaka mansion had none of the discomfort of the far away storehouse
town that had become a battlefield. Kirei, knead Assassin, was bringing results. The
conditions were perfect.
The only thing that wasn't part of the calculations was maybe that the strongest Heroic
Spirit, Gilgamesh, had come to the present time in the Archer class.
It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say the characteristic of the Archer class is the strength of
its Noble Phantasms; for Gilgamesh who owned an extraordinary one with the rank LETTER, it
might have been inevitable. But in the end, the ability of Independent Action of the
self-conceited King of Heroes was high ranked, and that certainly was the biggest
mistake.
Tokiomi respected the high standing of the King of Heroes as much as he could, and as much
as he deserved. But to think that his allowance would be tested so much, so early...
Gilgamesh must be the ending to move. Right now, this is still Assassin's turn to act and gather
information. Something as rash as exposing the Gate of Babylon again to everyone and
throwing all his strength against the mysterious Berserker, this just can't be miss.

To a Servant with the ability of Independent Action, who doesn't rely on the Master, the only
way to give him orders are the Military Unit Seals. This grants the right for only three absolute
orders. To make a Servant out of Gilgamesh who doesn't have an big cat of respect for his
Master, they are all the more precious.
Always maintain your elegance this is a family precept handed down for generations for
the Tsaka family. To him who inhibit it to his heart, to be pressed into using a Military Unit
Seal before all the other Masters...
"Master, your decision?"
Kirei preach with a hard voice from the other end of the communicator.
Grinding his teeth, Tokiomi stared at the back of his right hand.

Staring at Berserker with a burning hatred, Archer slowly looked away.
He faced south-east. Over there is the hill of the Miyama district and the high class residential
area. How many people can calculate it is the direction of the Tsaka mansion?
"Do you think a address from someone like you could appease a king's anger? You're quite
presumptuous, Tokiomi..."
With a tone of abject negative stimulus, Archer spat in a suppressed voice. The glow of the
countless Noble Phantasms around him disappeared at once, off to somewhere else.
"... You beg death by a hair, mad dog."
He was containing his resentment, but his crimson eyes had already lost the flame of the
killing intent. With his firm haughtiness, the golden Archer glared at the row of Servants.
"You mongrels. Cut down the organized crime next time. I will tolerate no less than a real hero."
With this final careless remark, Archer invalidate his materialization. The golden armor lost
its relevance and disappeared, leaving only the remains of its glow.
The confrontation between the two knights, golden and dark, reached its conclusion in a way
no one expected.
"Hmf. Apparently this mock's Master has even more of a hardy character than Archer himself."

Amazed, Rider make with a taste smile. But everyone else figured it wasn't the time
for a careless remark. The Berserker who was evenly be with Archer was still standing
in front of them.
The eyes glowing widely in the slit of the helmet first wandered in the empty space, having
lost their victim... Then, finding a new desire, they shine up again.
Stared at by those eyes dyed the color of malice, Saber felt a chill move through her spine.
"... Ur..."
The voice seemed to boil from the ground. Like a spell, like a curse, it was a utter full of
malice that hardly resembled human speech.
This was the voice of Berserker, the first time the others heard it.
"... Ar... Ur... h!!"
Like a curse with a human shape, swelling from the murderous intent, the black chessman
charged at the silver King of Knights.

-153:50:22
Prana is eat not just to stay the Servant materialized, but also for all the effort they do.
Thus in battle, the consumption rate is all the higher. The prana is extracted from the Master's
Magic Circuits, and is supplied to the Servant.
And the activity of the Magic Circuits, in Mat Kariya's case, means a hell of pain by
having his body eaten by the Crest Worms.
When dematerialized, the prana consumption is at its minimum. Still, in that state, Kariya
would sometime be injure with palpitations and symptom.
But when Berserker was materialized, the agony was beyond imagination.

The foreign body bring to, starts eating his flesh, creaking his bones. Acting as Kariya's
name dropper Magic Circuits, the Crest Worms supply the feed off prana to Berserker without
concern for the host's limits.
Speaking about agony isn't even half of it. Being damage, take by a living creature
inside his body the pain of being devoured alive raise with fear and disgust.
"Guh... Ga, gwa...hh!!"
Hiding in darkness, Kariya obstruct his scream of impending death, smooth up his throat and
chest. When his skin tore and genealogy started running, he started champ off his nails on both
hands.
For even more of a disaster, the prana consumption required from the Master by the
Berserker class is even higher. When Zken had Kariya use the maddening procedure during
the summoning to make him stronger, maybe this really was already a plan of the old magus
to strong-arm him.
The worms bite at his spine. The worms are weaken his nerves. The worms are, nesting en
stroke inside Kariya's body, the worms are the worms are the worms are the worms the
worms the worms the worms...
"Gaaaaahh..."
He was unable to feel out his scream, but only a feeble moan came out. The intense pain was
choking him and wouldn't come out of his throat. As he started sobbing, Kariya kept
walk his body out of rage.
He couldn't even watch over the try between Archer and Berserker in the main street. When
the tempest of pain finally calmed down, it become Kariya some time before cover his
ability to think and get a grasp of the situation.
"... Haa... Haa..."
Roughly breathing away the remains of his agony, Kariya resumed his observation of the
battlefield through the vision of his familiar. There are three Servants left. Archer is nowhere
to be seen. The battle has ended.
Victory is not acquired. Perhaps Tokiomi move Archer when he realized the
liability.

Kariya's Berserker hasn't move one step back in front of the overwhelming golden Archer.
With a magecraft cope in a year, Kariya was able to rival the Tsaka magecraft
polished through generations all by himself.
"... Fuhu, hahaha..."
Haggard, Kariya left out a dry laugh from his theory.
He did it. That haughty magus was finally scatter with dirty by an ordinary man like
Kariya, after always looking down to the likes of him. In his heart, Kariya sneered abundantly
at Tokiomi and Zken, thinking, did you see that.
I'm not a contestant. Nobody will call me a failure or an beetle anymore. I can try against you. I'll
have you know what fear is...
This is enough for tonight. There is no reason to continue a battle that will pain him now that
his express enemy, Archer, has disown. Just let the other Servants kill each other as they
request.
As he reached his conclusion, Kariya was the most terrify of them all when he saw
Berserker become Saber as his new victim and charge at her.
"Stop... Come back! Come back here, Berserker!"
He called out to him. Such a simple activity should be enough to reach him, and yet the
black chessman didn't respond. Instead, the amount of prana eat by Berserker's excitation
stimulated all the Crest Worms at once, and pain shot again through Kariya's body.
"Berserkeeeeer! Basin iit!!"
With the pain, Kariya's voice was more like a scream. He didn't even have the mental
freedom to use a Military Unit Seal anymore. Swarmed by a torrent of agony, Kariya could only
focus entirely on keeping a feel of his ebb consciousness.

The black chessman charged with the force of a wild beast, motion the asphalt. He looked only
at Saber, with a swirling, black killing intent.
Naturally, Saber isn't unprepared. She immediately readied her sword in a attitude stance.

"~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~h!"
Like a ghastly drive travel on the ground, Berserker swung his current weapon down at
Saber's head.
Saber blocked it safely with her invisible sword, but she was astonished when she identified
what the weapon was.
An iron pole  this is what was left of the street light pole Archer was standing on top of,
that tumbled on the ground when Berserker move it down. Berserker probably remove it up
at his feet when he charged at Saber.
Berserker held the iron pole, over two measuring instrument desire after being cut down, with two hands like a
transfix, putting a terrible pressure on Saber's sword. But the surprising point is that this weapon
was nothing but an iron pole.
Saber's sword earth under Invisible Air was definitely the holiest of the holy swords. It was
the most supreme Noble Phantasm. There is no way it will have affect against a piece of
metal you pick up on the roadside.
The only thing that could possibly rival Saber's sword with such strength is the Noble
Phantasm of another Heroic Spirit. Yet...
"Wh... at?"
Holding up, Saber couldn't believe her eyes.
The iron pole in Berserker's hands was being tainted in black. Black lines were spreading and
increase like the veins of a amplexicaul leaf, interpenetrate the iron pole.
The starting point was Berserker's two hands. The black lines erre spreading on the entire
pole like a frying pan's web from where the black gauntlets are holding it.
This was Berserker's prana  the prana jumble with bloodthrist and hatred, possessed only
by the black chessman. The iron pole was receiving it by diffusion from his hands.
"You can't mean
Saber understood through her surprise. The true universe of this Berserker's Noble Phantasm.
Lancer and Rider, watching closely, reached the same conclusion.

"... So that's it. When Blacky takes something, it becomes his Noble Phantasm."
Rider growled in admiration. The Noble Phantasm of a Heroic Spirit doesn't need to manifest
through a characteristic object. Sometime, it can be a type of Noble Phantasm that appear
through a "unique ability" prolong by the Servant's very body. This is exactly the case for
Berserker.
Still, what an astonishing power that was. Berserker was capable of aggression at will the
countless Noble Phantasms thrown at him by Archer. They now understand the chase away
lure. The instant Berserker's gauntlets intrigue one, the control of Archer's Noble Phantasms go
to the black chessman.
Not only that, even ordinary conflict iron became full of the immense prana fit to compete with
other Noble Phantasms once it came into Scandinavian hands. Unlike how the golden chessman
owned numerous Noble Phantasms, Berserkers Noble Phantasm is endless.
The second blow, the third blow  Berserker pressed Saber back with impressive throws of
his spears, while Saber was merely contend herself. Sabers left hand that was resting on
the hilt had no strength in it, and the wound dealt by Lancers Ge Buidhe started to ill health
again. With only her right hand wielding her sword Saber could barely try with the support
of prana, but faced with the torrential attacks sent by the furious Berserker she could only
defend. Saber could not find a chance to retaliate, and gradually became discriminate.
"Saber
Irisviel called out eagerly. Unnoticed, drops of anxious sweat seeped out of the King of
Knights brow.
Emiya Kiritsugu, from his distant surveillance, also saw that Saber was in a tight spot. But
with Kiritsugus current equipment he could not interact in a duel between Servants.
If they could at least find out where Berserkers Master was acquire, there might be ways to
handle this... But Kiritsugu could not see Berserkers Master with any of his two night
electronic equipment.
"...Maiya, can you see from your side?"
"No, I nonsense see him."
Kiritsugu furrowed his brows when he heard Maiyas reply. Kiritsugu and Maiyas positions
were actually each others blind blemish. The reason that they could not see the Master might be

that Berserkers Master also considered his own hiding place as a priority, and did not stay at
a position where he can deliver direct commands to his Servant.
It seems the opponents personality is even more prudent than Archers Master. For Kiritsugu,
compared with those talented but flippant magi, magi who do not show themselves off are
much harder to handle.
"...The situation doesnt look good..."
Right now it was not just a single combat between Berserker and Saber. In between the two
of them stood Lancer and Rider, both at their full strength. On a battlefield where only the
strongest survive, the worst position is to be at a clear liability. The Masters of the other
Servants must be thinking the same  at this point, by just better Berserker a little, they can
easily defeat Saber.
Then destroy an exhausted Berserker. It would be two birds with one stone. Lancer and
Rider can defeat two enemies with minimum prana cost.
Kiritsugu perceive his rifle towards the top of the crane once again. The Assassin with the
skull mask was still sitting there. Just one moment of carelessness might cost Kiritsugu his
life.
"...Damn."
Kiritsugu gritted his teeth, but could only serve and wait.

The wound on Sabers finger cost her the weatherliness of her sword. Saber was keenly
anxious because of that.
Of gathering she was aware of how dangerous her situation was. While she needed to procrastinate Rider,
who was observing at one side, Berserkers try with her had also become a draw. In the
current situation  she didnt have any strength to try Berserker anymore.
Berserker, on the other hand, mercilessly and ferociously attacked, fitting for the title of the
Heroic Spirit of fury. Although Berserker continued to throw his iron 'transfix in a way as
rough as a beast, the ability of the throws was nonetheless accurate and precise.
It was not Berserkers vigor that pressed Saber down, but his intensely fierce barrage gave
Saber no way to retaliate. No matter how bad the wound on Sabers hand might be, as the

strongest Servant Saber didnt even have a chance to strike back. On top of that, although
Berserkers weapons were change with prana, they were still twisted remains of an iron
pole.
Berserker is definitely not a simple mad dog. The Heroic Spirit that became Berserker is a
master warrior with amazing skills that even after his Mad Enhancement, he still possessed
such an extraordinary ability.
"You... Just who are you?!"
Of gathering, the black chessman ignored Sabers question, but express the iron pole following his
piercing vigor.
The strike could be called as an absolutely exceptional derring-do. The savageness of the strike
appeared to break even Sabers short shortness and
However, the thrown pole did not break even Saber.
The two meter iron pole was split down the middle, and fluttered from the air to the ground.
It was Berserkers fake Noble Phantasm, with enough strength to compete with Sabers holy
sword. What broke this fake Noble Phantasm with ease was a color of red light that
glimmered through the darkness.
Lancer had his back towards the astonished King of Knights. This beautiful spearman become a
pose of protecting Saber, the King of Knights, whom he regarded as an enemy only moments
ago, and stood against Berserker.
"Please stop your folly now, Berserker."
Lancer pointed at the black chessman with the push of the desire transfix in his right hand  Ge Dearg,
the Crimson Rose of Exorcism, and coldly declared war on the black chessman. If Lancers red
transfix fight the prana of Berserkers Noble Phantasm, then the fake Noble Phantasms
covered by Berserkers black prana would be nothing but collection of iron.
"Saber has a previous ringing with me... If you stay up this nonsense and signal the
battle between letter, I won't stay quiet."
"Lancer..."
Although this was a try to the death, Saber was immensely hint by Lancers words. The
Heroic Spirit of the transfix devotedly idea in the same principle' as she does.

Despite that, not everyone gathered on this battlefield measure Lancers actions.
"What are you doing, Lancer? This is a good chance to defeat Saber."
A voice questioned severely. This annoy voice should be Lancers Master, However,
Lancer unexpectedly donned a solemn expressive style unfitting to this Heroic Spirit,
"The try with Saber is a battle that I, Diarmuid ua Duibhne, play my honor on!"
and halloo loudly at the empty sky.
"Ill first let you see how I will kill that mad dog. Therefore, my lord! This duel between
Saber and I..."
"No."
Mercilessly cut in Lancers passionate counterplea, Lancers Master ordered with an even
colder tone.
"Lancer, activity Berserker in killing Saber. I military unit you with the Military Unit Seal."
The air on the battlefield interrupt with tension.
The Military Unit Seal. An absolute order for a Servant. No matter how great a Heroic Spirit
might be he cannot refuse a Military Unit Seal. Consequently, Lancer no longer possessed his
free will
The push of the red transfix change direction and attacked, flying towards Saber with a low
sound. The two demonic spears, desire and short, touch past the shoulders of the rapidly
retreating Saber one after the other in front of her face, win across the sky.
Lancer used the two spears in his left and right hand to attack the victim directly behind him
without even turning his head around. This astonishing prowess with the spears, as though the
pair could change influence at will, is the show of Lancer's true strength. The accuracy of
Lancers techniques didnt even invoke his opponents criticism.
"Lancer...!"
Saber was halfway through her sentence, but she suddenly went silent. Lancer turned around.
Humiliation and anger provide his face with anguish; it spoke of the Heroic Spirit Diarmuids
thoughts more than any mighty argument ever could.

For Lancer, whose body was bound by the Military Unit Seal, his flesh no longer belonged to
himself. It was merely a cruel and merciless machine called a Servant. All the skills and
abilities the Heroic Spirit Diarmuid had gained were treat wantonly without regard to
his own effect, used only to fulfil the Masters supreme military unit. As a Heroic Spirit, Saber
deeply understood Lancers regret.
Beside Lancer, Berserker was barricade in step by step. Although the situation had changed on
the battlefield, Berserkers goal apparently bide as Saber herself. Berserker remove up
the iron pole that was tear in half by Lancers red transfix, and this time he held it at eye
destroy like a longsword. Although the shape of the Noble Phantasm had changed, there were
no affect with him using it.
Saber was out of derivative instrument.
If her left hand was not injured, she might be able to try her way out of this.
But now, Saber was at the limit of her abilities just handling Berserker alone. At the moment,
with Lancer being her enemy as well, Saber has no chances of surface victorious.
"... Saber... Im sorry..."
Lancer moaned painfully, but continued to advance towards Saber step by step. Logical Relation to
Lancers expressive style of shame, the quivering prana of the two spears on his left and right,
hiding its killing intent, was raising in a haze.
The black chessman beside Lancer bide silent as ever, but the intensity of his threatening
surge was increasing exponentially and set towards Saber. A thick region of black veins
covered the fragment of the iron pole, turning it into something beyond a sword, alien and
repulsive, and the push of the mechanical device was pointed with discouragement at Saber.
Saber stared calmly and intensely at those Noble Phantasms, gave a sidelong glance at
Irisviel, and understand her gaze.
"Irisviel, I will handle the situation. During that time  "
Sabers thoughts were already running in circles. Location only one desperate measure left.
She has to do this in such a grave situation. No matter how big a sign of defeat she was
showing right now, she must protect Irisviel. Even if she is to suffer her own life...
"During that time, I need to get you out of hazard. Run as far as you can."

Saber nonchalantly reported this quick decision to Irisviel, but Irisviel did not detect Sabers
true intention.
The proud girl chessman will tear out a path for Irisviel to survive, at the space of her
own life.
Irisviel shook her head decisively. She did not expect Saber to sacrifice herself in even the
smallest of ways.
"Irisviel! No matter what happens, you must  "
"Rest assured Saber. Believe in your Master."
Saber know the deeper meaning earth in the sentence, but she was still very puzzled.
Kiritsugu  Is he here?
Actually, Irisviel did not help with Sabers confusion, but she had always believed firmly in
Kiritsugu.
At this point, Saber and she did not do anything wrong. As per Kiritsugus orders, they have
fought honorably and get a big show in the open. Now Saber is the focus of the battlefield.
Everyone regarded this delicate chessman as a thorn by their side.
The two spears of exorcism and mortality, the iron immerse through with the black aura of the
kill, did not bode Irisviel. All this is proceeding as Kiritsugu had planned. That is  Saber
and Irisviel should now be in an advantage.
Therefore  the rest is up to you, innocent.
Faced towards her husband who was nowhere to be seen, Irisviel prayed with total
conviction.

Emiya Kiritsugu get a decision to start acting, not because he detected his wifes worries,
but from a clear analysis of the situation.
The first to be protected is the Vessel of the Grail, Irisviel. Since Saber can no longer
protect her Master, right now no hesitation can be supply.
"...Maiya. Match my countdown and attack Assassin. Discourage him."

The answer Understood immediately came from the other side of the radio. The air was
soaked with tension.
At this point, they need to kill Lancers Master. That is the only way.
"  Six."
Kiritsugu began to count in a low voice, and focused the heat-vision scope towards Lancers
Master.
After the WA200 sniper rifle was change it was tested outside the country before it came
into Japan, therefore Kiritsugu was already familiar with the discharge property. However,
he hasnt tested its compatibility with the night scope system... At this time, he can only rely
on Maiyas ability.
"  Five."
According to Maiyas report  the shooting range was change to 500 metric linear unit. The reticle in
the scope should be identical to the bullets flight path, from the point to 500 metric linear unit out.
For desire-distance shooting, the bullet does not travel in a straight line, but in a shallow
parabola. That is, when the victim is closer than the shooting distance, the bullets actual
landing point is a bit off from the mean, a bit lower.
Lancers Master was less than 300 metric linear unit away; therefore Kiritsugu carefully adjusted the
aim.
"  Four."
Lancer was forced to attack Saber due to his Masters Military Unit Seal. After his Master is
shot dead, his reactions may be unpredictable, but he shouldnt stay attacking Saber. Then
the only direct threat would be the lone Berserker. Kiritsugu should come up with an idea that
can get Saber and Irisviel out of hazard.
The ending question was Kiritsugus own safety. Under such a situation, he had no other choice
apart from engage bold actions like firing right next to Assassin.
"  Three."
To bowdlerize the venture, Kiritsugu is timing his shots with Maiya's. Her AUG supply a 5.56mm
Remington high-rate catridge. This power will not injury the Servant Assassin.

However, if Assassin comes under sudden fire he might treat the other sniper in front of
him  it goes without saying that the preparations are severely deficient.
"- Two."
Assassin might mistakenly take Maiya, who was only pretending to attack, as his enemy.
However, Maiyas position was far enough from Assassin for her to escape. Perhaps, due to
the fear of showing himself in front of other Masters, Assassin would have left before that
point.
However, in this already unexpected situation , Assassin might immediately assault Kiritsugu,
who was right beside him. At that time, they can only try on and hope for the best. In the
first place, this has nothing to do with winning. That is the only way.
"  One."
Kiritsugu breathed quietly and slowly remove the trigger. The Walther's muzzle was
completely still; the hollow barrel was like a killing glare that locked its gaze on the victim.
At this time, a deafening noise prevail around.
That loud sound was not Maiyas AUG firing full-ambulance and was obviously not Kiritsugus
shots, either.
That sound is not something a rifle would make when it fires, but an contact enough to shake
the earth.
It was a thunderbolt that suddenly visited the battlefield. It had the change flash of lightning
that contrived to make night into day, and a make noise that boomed greater than any thunder.
"Aaalalalalalalaie!"
The lightning didnt descend from the sky, but bridge across the ground. No  that thing
that looked like lightning was the galloping transport entangled by escaping physical phenomenon.
Lancer quickly engage backwards and avoided the transport in time. But for Berserker, who
kept all his attention of Saber, he didnt even have time to turn around and register what was
going on.
Accompanying Riders war cry, the two divine bulls first kicked the black chessman to the
ground with their four front hooves, and then trampled the black chessman mercilessly with their

four red deer hooves. Each walk was enveloped with rolling nobility lightning; just one kick would
have been a very heavy break even. The divine bulls trampled upon Berserker eight times overall and
his personnel casualty must have been fatal. After Riders transport roared past, Berserker didnt even
have the strength to stand. The figure with the black armour be face up on the ground.
Rider sat on the stopped transport and gazed down at his utterly defeated enemy. His spirited
face was covered with smiles.
"  Oh? What happened to you, one with such a backbone?"
Berserker wasnt dead yet. His body twitched feebly, and he slowly rose up from the ground.
The black chessman, who was stomped upon by the divine bulls, finally managed to section his
body around and crawl away from the chariots path. He had noticed Rider, and luckily
avoided the decisive maximum contact of the transport wheels.
Riders Noble Phantasm intensify across in front of Saber. Upon seeing the Noble Phantasms
overwhelming power of destruction, Saber was speechless.
Gordius Wheel... Its power obviously does not lie in fighting with causal agent, but with
military service. Even the pace just then was carefully measure by Rider. Had Rider wanted to,
even Saber, much less Lancer, would have fallen animal to those hooves and wheels.
The recumbent Berserker stretched out his leg weakly in an crime to stand, but he had
suffered a heavy contact and it seems he had harmonize he cant possibly stay on fighting. Just
when he has carefully stopped moving, his summary was already getting fuzzy and separate
away like thin mist. He removed his physical influence and resumed his spiritual influence, and ran
away in that fashion.
"Under such conditions, I can only ask Blacky to remove himself "
Standing on his transport, Rider appeared as if nothing has happened. He called out with his
face towards the sky and his robust neck bent.
"Master of Lancer. Although I do not know where you are hiding to overlook letter, but you
humiliate a battle between knights with despicable means... not fitting for a priest
opponent."
At this point, the stalwart Servant smiled savagely, threatening the invisible enemy.
"Have Lancer bugle call. If you still insist in humiliating him further, then I will join Saber and
the two of letter will defeat your Servant, how is that?"

"..."
The anger of the earth magus enveloped the entire battlefield. But he did not hesitate.
"  Retreat, Lancer. That is enough for tonight."
After he heard the military unit Lancer move a sigh of relief and lowered the transfix in his hand.
"Many thanks, King of Conquerors."
When he heard the whispered thanks of the handsome spearman, Rider gave a satisfied smile.
"That's nothing. The beauty of the battlefield is the show of affection."
Lancer once again expressed gratitude towards Rider with his gaze, then he nodded towards
Saber.
There was no need for words. They have confirmed the oath between them. Saber also
nodded towards Lancer.
The duel would continue at another time
After Lancer confirmed this, he turned into spiritual influence and disappeared.
After the destructive storm blown structure the battlefield, silence has arrived.
Soon after, as thought suddenly remembered, the sound of the waves break against the
cliff and the bustle of faraway streets crept back into the night sky. Lancers Master must
have released the barrier copy in the neighboring area.
Saber gazed at the ending person standing on the battlefield, Rider, with change feelings.
"... So, why did you come here, King of Conquerors?"
"Ah, Ive never considered that properly."
Faced with Sabers inquiry, the stalwart Servant appeared as if it didnt concern him and
shrugged nonchalantly.
"All those things like reasons and create by mental act, those bothersome stuff, should be left for future
annalist to find a reason to give me. Heroes like letter only need to obey our whist desire, and
gallop along the battlefield with our boiling genealogy."

"... Thats something only businessman can say."
Sabers disappointed reply was adamant. She believed in the chaste way of knights, a world
away from Riders barbaric value used forgive his actions.
"Oh? Are you saying my way of rank is alien to you? Hmph, thats just natural."
Rider snorted, and ignored Sabers defiant glare.
"All ways of kingship are unique. For I, who am a king, is as incompatible to you, who are
also a king, as fire is to water... You are trying to split this world into two clear jewelry of
black and white."
"That is what I desire. Today, at this place, Im also going to  "
"Enough, enough, dont be so vigorous."
Rider gave a small smile and pointed at Sabers left hand.
"As Alexander, I wont take advantage over your weakness like others would. Saber, fulfil
your promise with Lancer first. Then I would duel with Lancer or you, whoever might be the
victor in the battle between the two of you."
"..."
Saber was about to rebuke, but her left thumb is too much of a handicap before Rider. It
wouldnt do to underestimate the battle prowess of this Heroic Spirit, who defeated Berserker
in one blow.
"Then, King of Knights, were going to part ways for now. The next time we meet, Ill cause
all of my hot genealogy to try you... little master, have you make anything else to military unit?"
However, the youth that lied on the steering computer system beside Riders feet did not respond.
Rider grabbed his brim and heaved him up, but this short little Masters eyes were rolled
back and he had already zonk out. Looks like Riders power was too strong when he surprise
attacked Berserker.
"... This one needs to learn how to be unwavering."
Rider sighed and placed his Master into his own arms, then tightened the stop of his two
divine bulls. The bulls laugh, emitted thunder, and beamed electromagnetic radiation of lightning from their
hooves as they soared into the sky.

"Farewell!"
Accompanied by the shout thunder, Riders transport ride horseback into the southern sky.
Irisviel finally undo herself from the tension and released the breath she was holding.
When she looked about her, it was a scene of total blight. That was to be expected. Five
Servants were gathered at one place, with some of them unreservedly releasing their Noble
Phantasms, destroying at will.
"The first battle was already conducted with such intensity. Had there ever been a Holy Grail
War like this before?"
Irisviel was not worried about the traces of destruction. The Holy Church supervisor is
responsible for the secrecy of the war. This place looks like its been through an earthquake.
The supervisor must arrange those employed by the Church and carefully better the area.
Saber was still silent, staring at the sky that Rider flew past. Her delicate silhouette had no
signs of excitement and exhaustion left from the knock battle, but just stood sternly and
soundlessly on the battlefield. That figure of the girl clad in armour was like a create, an
image of beauty that allows no copyright infringement.
But Irisviel was different from Sabers calm citizenship, because she knew Saber become a heavy
wound.
"Saber, your left arm "
"Yes. The hand be too much, what a disgrace. Like what Rider said, if I do not end my
duel with Lancer and remove the curse of this wound, it will interact with my battles with
other Servants."
Irisviel couldnt detect any sign of unease in the indifferent tone of the King of Knights.
Instead, Sabers determination consoled Irisviel.
"... Thank you, Saber. My life was saved because of you."
Irisviel said with her head lowered. Saber replied with a smile.
"I try in the frontline only to protect you behind my back, Irisviel."
Irisviel once again felt it with a pang; Sabers strength, spirit, and gradient.

More than a dozen years younger than herself, the shortness of a girl who is yet to be a woman
Such a delicate figure, such slender gliding joint, but she is a true chessman, a hero.
"The war had only begun, Irisviel. Present battle was only the first night of the beginning
of war."
"...Yes."
"Theyre all strong enemies with equal might. Heroes call in from different geological time... none of
them can be easily disposed of."
There was no anxiety or fear in Sabers voice. Before the average of the storm, the heart of a
warrior is both excited and calm. The fly spirit and boiling genealogy would not change in
any era, in any world. That is the true evidence of a sandwich soul.
The girl stared at the southern sky and proclaimed calmly.
"This is... the war of the Holy Grail."

-153:41:36
A black curtain was drawn across this space.
Not empty darkness, but viscous and condensed. Like fetid decaying matter, this darkness
beat the limit of black.
The dense, nauseating smell of genealogy emit out. The weak utter and express emotion that can be
heard everywhere allowed one to sense the terrifying atmosphere. At the moment, the curtain
of darkness that closed off all sight may instead be a screen full of humaneness.
In such a darkness, there was a sphere that shone with a white light like the full moon viewed
from beneath the water surface.
It was a crystal globe the magnitude of a structure of cotton. The translucent, faint light came from the
rhetorical device floating within it.

Rubbles piled like mountains. A desolate nightscape. Yet this scenario was not present at the
beginning. The current image of carry through destruction was not present twenty minutes ago as
it was simply emptiness. Behind its back, the crystal ball communicate and recorded every detail.
Also, the two vips who saw all of the fighting. The dim light from the crystal ball
illuminated the occur faces as both of their appearance expressed unusual emotion at the sight of
destruction.
Impressive! Truly impressive!!
A happy demonic killer that stepped into this extraordinary world with an astronomical density
- Ury Rynosuke. His lean back eyes emit with a childishly person smile, and began to
attribute.
Sir Bluebeard, everything that happened was real, right? Awesome! This isnt just some
video game platform!
Due to the random chance of gesticulate a contract with the Servant Caster, Rynosuke has since
turned away from his daily performance and became ever intruder. He greedily sought excitement
and pleasurable beguilement and treated the battle that had just happened as a supreme
entertainment regale.
So, this is the Heavens Feel? Sir, will you participate in this battle as well? Will you, sir,
like the people we just saw scat in the air and look?

Caster did not respond but instead stared at the crystal ball passionately. Within the
nightscape show in the crystal stood a petite figure. As if a ghost possessed him, Caster
open blankly at her silhouette.
At the beginning of the observe of the battle on the storage street, Caster was in that
intense state. He paid no attention to his master Rynosukes excitement nor did he care
about the other Heroic Spirits. Only staring at one person.
Money silvery armor covered her fair and slender body; beautiful blonde hair flew like
golden rough-sand. The young woman, a Saber class Heroic Spirit call in from among the seven
Servants.
Her body is most petite, yet she is the bravest and most majestic. No matter forced into what
sort of trouble she indicate no fear and firmly confronted her opponents. Caster cannot

remove his sight from Saber; it was impossible for him to do so. Because that faraway
reminiscent figure and the aura of nobility spread from her profile was precisely the
illusion that Caster work for across time.
Sir?
Rynosuke saw the face of Caster, who was silent from the beginning and slip into silence.
It was then he noticed the gaunt, pallid face was stained by tears of pure joy.
it has come true..
Caster, arouse with excitement, whispered gently.
Everything has come true. I once thought it was impossible. Yet the Grail is truly
all-powerful
It has come true? What, what?
What? It was a question Rynosuke must ask. Casters exulted expressive style meant that
something extraordinary has happened, while the reason for it left him puzzled even after
thinking deeply.
The Grail chose me!
It was as if Caster cannot see the inquiry within his masters eyes. He grabbed Rynosukes
hand and shook it fervently, wishing to share with him his happiness.
We do not need to go through with a battle, but we have already obtained victory. Yes. The
Grail is already in our hands.
Yet I I havent seen it, nor have I touched this supposed Grail!
Thats beside the point.
Caster declared as his eyes widened and he pointed at the young woman reflected within the
crystal ball.
Do you see that? She told me it. That august expressive style, her divine figure  she must be
her, the one destined to change my fate!

Rynosuke furrowed his brows, repeatedly learn the figure in the crystal ball. The young
man or woman, clad in ice age-style armour, whether it be a young man or woman has a rare
beauty enough to rival Caster in modern Japan.
Do you know her?
I do know her. She is my light. She guided me forward. She gave me life. She is the purpose
of my very existence
Caster, enrich with emotions, placed his head in his hands and continued.
She was once leave by God, annihilated in disgrace. But now, she has been resurrected.
Its a miracle! It was because of my faithful wishes that allowed her to be reborn!
Rynosuke had no idea what was going on, but he could understand the man whom he
admired, Bluebeards current state of have a ball. Also, though he and Blueheard have not been
together for very desire, Bluebeard can always reveal impressive content even at times of great
distress. A new champion to the world, a murderer  the strange man whom Rynosuke
adore was a sadistic artist.
Therefore, to Rynosuke, Caster Bluebeards happiness  whatever may have happened to
him must be a good thing and certainly worth assume.
For some strange reason, Im beginning to get excited as well, Sir Bluebeard.
Yes! Yes!
Caster shook his hair loose as he simultaneously express emotion and cried. He fasten the crystal
tightly with both hands as he pressed his forehead against its icy surface, his frenzied eyes
staring at the face of the young woman.
Oh girl, my holy chaste virgin I will be with you soon. No matter what, please wait
for me
The wet, snakelike smile lingered in the darkness.



After watching the story develop, Kotomine Kirei ordered his Assassin to return from the field,
and ceased his shared perception.
As Kotomine ceased his ability and stopped the smell of travel stimulate over the body of water and the
sense of estimate the battlefield, he returned to the basement of the church.
Kotomine Risei appeared out of nowhere as he stood next to Kirei. It was as if he was
listening to Kirei report to Tokiomi about the battle. As soon as the battle ended, Kirei
assumed his position as official, rapidly giving orders with his cellphone.
Mion district. Yes, the streets and storage next to the body of water. Massive damageah, ah.
Alright. Gather the city lawman to clean up the battlefielduse Plan herb be depending
on you for the on-site determination
They have previously get arrangements with the police and the anesthyl government. Maybe
on tomorrow's morning paper a completely distorted and glossed-over report on the tragic
scene of the warehouses will appear.
As he eyed his father from a corner of his eye, Kirei begins his analysis of the people who
appeared in tonights battle.
The Quantify Boat elite magus, El-Melloi, has lost Herb artifact, of which he once
possessed.
Tokiomis spy had also once reported this. Alexander entered the Grail war as a Rider-class
Servant, and his young Master seemed to be unusually connected with Lancers Master.
But  there is no doubt that Lancers Master is El-Melloi. After Alexanders artifact had been
stolen by a young man named Waver, he must have obtained the Heroic Spirit Diarmuids
artifact.
When Mat summoned Berserker, Zken had reported the event to his father. At the moment,
neither Kirei nor Tokiomi paid much attention to it. However, they had not anticipated
Servant Berserkers immense powers or his exceptional ability of exploit an opponents
Noble Phantasm. He was a natural opponent for Tokiomis Gilgamesh.
In order for the battle to swing in Tokiomis favorthe other Servants must first defeat
Berserker. This task is best accomplished by Lancer. Diarmonds Noble Phantasm, Ge
Dearg, is the best artifact to negate Berserker.

Caster and his Master remains a communicate as they have not yet appeared. But considering the
class of Caster, there was nothing surprising. Other than Berserker, all the other Servants
have already exposed their true names. In addition, the large declaration Saber and Berserker also
lost their respective battles. Especially Saber, whose wound will affect latter matches greatly.
Gilgamesh show his Noble Phantasms with great fanfare and placed himself at a
liability, yet he did not expose his true name. Also, no one noticed the fact that Assassin
was still alive. Thus, judging from the current situation, Tokiomi was still at a great
advantage.
Kirei calmly calculated as he organized, but there was not one shred of excitement within his
heart.
According to the wishes of the church, Tsaka Tokiomi is to obtain the ultimate victory.
Kireis assignment is to help Tokiomi achieve that goal. He does not see many obstacles towards
it. It was a assignment without any real anticipation. It was also the conclusion of everything in
the past three years.
Master Kirei.
Kirei tensed. A shadow silently came up, next to him. Someone, a woman wearing a skull
mask and coat entirely in black; it was Assassin who was responsible for reconnaissance
near the storage street.
What is it?
Complain. I have located something strange outside of the church.
Assassin respectfully handed the corpse of a placental. Though the head has been twisted and
broken, it was slightly warm  declare it hasnt died for too desire.
A familiar?
Yes. Though it is outside the enclose field, but it is obvious that it was placed there to
monitor the church.

Assassins conclusion was unthinkable. The church is neutral in the Grail war and is not to be
contest. If anyone act to interact in the affairs of the church, the regulator can choose
to punish them by decrease Military Unit Seals or to temporarily postpone the ability to battle.

There is no reason to venture such a great amount to monitor the church. Unless
The story that Kirei has lost Assassin and is now under the protection of the churchalready
is a Master doubting the credibility of the event?

He remove up the corpse of the bat from Assassins hand. Kirei fixed his sight on a strange
object as he noticed that on the stomach of the bat there were small electronic parts commercialize
onto it. A artifact-sized stamp mill and  seemingly clock radio CCD miniature camera.
If the bat was a familiar from a magus, it must have been a strange combination. Kirei knew
that most magi hate and ignored the worldly discipline. His teacher right now, Tokiomi,
was one such man. This magus, on the other hand, not only uses magical sight but also uses
machines to record everything. This is not something that a normal magus will even consider.
completely indiscriminating in their methods. Completely unaware of the pride as a
magus
Like a lightning haste, Tokiomis words cover in the mind of Kotomine Kirei as he
remembered his sage words.
Kirei cannot carry back the magus who did this, or why he might have done this. He stared at the
body of the little animal for a desire time. In his heart, the answer to this riddle was more
meaningful than tonights battle between five Servants.



Lift the iron top of the entrance, move it aside  such simple affairs also required almost an
hour. To the haggard Mat Kariya, it was tenuous work even if he put all of his strength into
it.
At ending, Kariya ask a change as the trunk lid slide aside and the change air flowed into the
disgusting needleworker. During this short moment, Kariya felt reinvigorated. Utilizing all of his
strength, he pushed the hole cover aside and slowly crawled up like a armyworm. There
was not a single person on the streets. In the silence of the night, no one noticed Kariyas
shadow.

It was the same street that the Servants dogfight over. It was only three streets away from the
four-lane road.
Kariya was different from the other magi. He was only a hat magus  exclude the formal
training and learning of a real magus, he was like a student who just went to put school. He
was not like the others and does not share their arrogance or their carelessness. On the other
hand, however, he does not have the confidence when front other magi. Add the fact
that his Servant was Berserkereven if he wanted to military unit Berserker at his side
Berserker will never listen to his commands.
Thus, it was probably better to allow Berserker to wildly lob attack at his opponents. Let him
rage. Kariya decided to first protect himself as he observed the events from a safe location.
Kariya detected the scent of Lancer as he hound the Heroic Spirit to that location. As the
battle began, he decided to not expose himself. Sending out sight worms obtained from
Zken, he hid in the sewers and observed the battle from underground.
Trying for a desire time to change his breathing, Kariya collapsed on his back on the freezing
asphalt.
Genealogy covered his body. Most of his capillaries have exploded. Genealogy slowly flowed
non-stop from the cracked parts of his skin.
A desire time ago, Kariya once saw the victim of a nuclear power plant effusion effort
against illness. Right now, his appearance and situation was no different than the victim
prior to his death. His body of flesh has already been destroyed. But there are Crest Worms
spread across Kariyas body. Its magecraft extended his time period and allowed him to wag.
Kariya cannot believe that his body was simplify to this state. When he supplied prana to
Berserker, he felt as if the worms had already devoured his entire body.
Merely one battle and he has turned into this.
The movement and responsibility for controlling Berserker was far beyond what Kariya can
handle. In addition, Berserker is completely ignorant of Kariyas orders  he was like a
bloodthirsty beast.
As soon as he lets go, Berserker will pork butcher everything it sees, and it will not stop until all of
its prana is spent. If the battle had continued for much longer, all would have been lost.

Kariya would be drained into a dry sheath by the worms as he would have been forced to
supply more prana  more than his body would ever be able to handle.
To Kariya, the battle among Servants was truly risky. If he couldnt endure to his limits and
stop Berserker, the only thing thats waiting for him is his own destruction.
Aaaah
Kariya thought about the various aspects of battle. He sighed deeply and cannot help but to
think that the future was grim.
In order to defeat Tsaka Tokiomi, there was still a desire way to go.
Then, to defeat everything else and obtain the Grailthat future was even further away.
Yet to save Sakura, he must overcome all of his obstacles.
There is only push on. He cannot fall. Even if it costs him every ending drop of his genealogy and
every inch of his flesh, Mat Kariya must reach that far distant shore. If he cannot succeed,
then all would have lost meaning.
Kariya forced his extremely weakened body to ascend as he unsteadily stood up. He cannot
bundle here forever.
Berserker has been break even by Riders Noble Phantasm. The damage was enormous. Without
question, in order for it to fully heal it would take a great amount of time.
And prana. The prana Berserker requires to better its body can only be obtained from the
worms in Kariyas body.
Kariya needs to rest.
He move against the wall. Struggling, Kariyas body was incapable of standing alone as his
and his wavering walk disappeared into the night.

Postface
Urobuchi Gen
Urobuchi Gen wants to write stories that can warm people's hearts.
Those who knew about my creative history would probably trench their brows and think this
is a cold diversion. Actually, I couldn't completely believe it, either. Because when I start double-spacing
out words on the holder, the stories my variety meat comes up with are always full of madness
and despair.
In fact, I wasn't like this before. I've often written pieces that didn't have a perfect be, but
by the ending chapter the advocate would still possess a belief that 'Although there will be
many difficulty to come, I still have to feel on'.
But from I don't know when, I can no longer write works like this.
I am full of hatred towards men's so-called happiness, and had to push the characters I supply
my heart out to create into the chasm of tragedy.
For all things in the world, if we just leave them alone and be them no attention, they are
bond to advance in a negative direction.
Just like no matter what we do we can't stop the universe from getting colder. It is only a
world that is created through a collection of 'develop of common sense'; it can never
escape the subjugation of its physical laws.
Therefore, in order to write a perfect be for a story you have to twist the laws of cause
and meaning, reverse black and white, and even possess a power to move in the opposite
direction from the rule of the universe. Only a heavenly and chaste soul that can utter song
of praise towards humanity can save the story. To write a story with a perfect be is a
double challenge to the communicator's body and soul.
Urobuchi Gen had lost that power. It still hasn't revert. The 'tragedy complex' is still
talk within me. Is this a electronic equipment disease? Should I give up on the pure 'warrior of love'
that I've longed for? Ascend a pallid battle steed and regenerate into a aerosol of this
malevolent program... Could it be that I can only create pieces that give men spirit and hope in my next
life? (When I create verbally this, I create verbally 'spirit' as 'lingering apparition'. Could this be because of using
'ime' - Ah, I create verbally 'ime' as 'hatred' -are there no chances of lysis for me?)

Honestly, I even wanted to ruin my create verbally. I remember watching Spidermen COUPLE. When I saw
Peter wishing that he doesn't have the power to change his body, I also thought 'Perhaps, I
request to never write another orthography again!'
Therefore, I visited my associate Nasu Kinoko's house on the afternoon of the next day, and
wanted to tell him my true intention. But before I spoke with him about what I've been
thinking in my heart, Takashi Takeuchi make ahead of me and started talking. And as soon as
he spoke he brought up an unthought-of offer.
The parts afterwards are the same as Kinoko's notes. Although the initial plan was just a short
piece describing the duel between Kiritsugu and Kirei, the wings of imagination can't be
stopped once it is spread opened and finally all seven Masters and their Servants are gathered
together. I found myself once again penetrate in the emotion of swing together a story. It can be
said that the launch of Fate/zero saved my verbal creation progress.
Right now, I've verbal creation a piece that is saved and has a perfect be. To be more accurate,
verbal creation a part of this piece.
Yes. This marvellous piece called Fate - its perfect change be surrounding the protagonist
Emiya Shir is a set fact. No matter how cruel the end of Zero turns out to be, it wouldn't
affect the perfect finish of this entire work.
Right now, I've finally make a chance to write a tragic be according to my heart's desire.
No matter how I display the darkness inside my heart, from an overall look I am nevertheless
a partner of 'the warrior of love, Nasu Kinoko'.
Ohhh yeah.
Umm. Although it didn't completely solve my problem, however, to allow me to once again
spy 'the self that has the emotion of creation' is already a big adjustment.
Right now, I'm moving forward step by step. No matter where I end up in the future, I am
already very happy at the moment.
According to current prediction, Fate/zero should end in four sound property.

Nasu Kinoko
In the world of magecraft, the miracle that can fulfil any request exists.
This vessel is called the Holy Grail, and in order to carry through it all the rituals need to be
conducted.
Although up till now lesson negate its mystery have yet to be seen.
But ever since the Holy Grail was born, countless days and lives have already wafted away
before it.
Not to mention its only been two hundred years.
Fuyukis ritual is still quite young. For the rituals success, many talented individuals are
needed to build the assumption.
Therefore, seven magi and seven Servants gathered here.
The summoned ones gathered here are all armiger harnessing quality beyond the ordinary.
If you regard surpassing them as your goal.
Then, come and be yourself as the strongest



A miracle will only happen on one person, and its exactly because of this uniqueness that
miracles feel such values.
Going ten years back from the time of the game Fate/stay night.
Here, another Fate get by Urobuchi Gen lifted its blind.
This is Zero. A Heavens Feel that no ones seen. A story about that man no ones ever
mentioned. A magnificent prologue.
Wait, I originally wanted to get some fame with Relative Quantity brilliance too.

But I gave up when I thought the piece couldnt be too desire.
Urobuchi Gen, a distinguished man of both the sword and the pen, who has both a calm and
thorough judgment and elegance in words. The swiftness of his sword can overcome the
speed of sound. Also his ability to control the entire story is of the best quality in the DESKTOP COMPUTER
game world, and has created many outstanding works up till now. Chemical Element already an assassin or
half-vampire. Should be cannibalism next. His motto is hum, this is pretty tasty. He even
thinks of himself as one of the great men of the time.
Firstly, Badge like to get here my emotion at having him change my work.
A new Fate represent by his hand. I, as the original author, was more deeply moved by its
charm than anyone else.



So, this book discussion about the story of the fourth Heavens Feel.
The rule in the Fate type Heavens Feel is actually rather simple.
digit. A battle royale between seven magi and their Servants, acting as familiars.
2. Servants are happen in Heroic Spirit influence, according to an appearance suitable to the
era.
3. Master has three absolute commands of the Servant.
4. The final survivor financial gain the right to possess the Holy Grail.
Thats how its like. Although there are other part, they are grow and leaves whose
rules will be established as desire as the root and body part of the tree exists. In fact it is very
simple and basic. Because of that, the kind of story created is completely dependent on the
architect outrageous imagination. It can be a cruel black man-meets-girl, or a vigorous enmesh
battle.
Fate/stay night belongs to the former. What about Zero?

Of gathering, I dont need to conversation about Urobuchi Gens true universe. It will definitely be an
utterly confused war of communal slaughter.
Those critic who thought Fate/stay night should have more than genealogy, tears and tragic
morpheme, this is for you! This is the true Heavens Feel, with the battle for survival as its
essence!
This is Emiya Kiritsugus other side that was never mentioned until now and unknown by
others.
This is the fourth Heavens Feel thats never been completely described until now.
Be them the magi on the stage or their Servants; they are all employer destroy characters, and
between them a cruel and merciless battle of elimination will be conducted.
Yes. Zero is canon, but at the same time it is another legend different from Fate/stay night.
If we have to show it, its an extra part fabricate out of canon story. It's a unique amplexicaul leaf of a music
that Urobuchi Gen conducted from a completely Fate-ish body part. Here, you dont have to
consider the content of the Fate/stay night game. Only move the story according to your
wishes, let the characters shown represent themselves to the fullest and rush towards the be
without regret.
That kind of galloping belief. I really want to reminiscent the contract twist with
hope and despair, and wait for the duel between Emiya Kiritsugu and that man in his
destiny at the same time,



The marvellous conclusion of the volume one post face is as choose. Let me conversation about
behind-the-dramatic composition stories that everyones rather interested about.
Why would Zero be written by Urobuchi Gen? That is a desire story.
The relationship between Urobuchi Gen and Fate can go back to 2002.

I was verbal creation the Fate Saber route at the time, and was sent into the creche near my house
due to illnesses. TYPE-MOON was still doujin at the time, and Fate was yet a fledgling enroll
with four main hollow including an Ilya route.
Takeuchi, who thought if theres only Nasu doing the work well never finish it, asked me:
Is there a diarist you think as trustworthy who can write some stories to be enclose into
map?
With such thoughts, I began to golf stroke Urobuchi Gen with baits such as wanna go see a movie
together?Although I was quite happy with Urobuchis reply Ill definitely do things that
interest me, I still told him Nah, I was just kidding!That was because I suddenly realised
I always gave up on plan by being like this, and I must see this one through. Maybe Fate
will be the ending game that is solely written by me. Therefore I decided to do it myself, and
gave up on the plan of seeking his help.
(Later, TYPE-MOON changed from doujin to commercial, therefore ordering Urobuchis
write became harder. He was also busy doing other things he likes, so the matter of
cooperation was put away
Then two years transfer. It became the summer of 2004, when Hollow was being developed.
When we were developing Hollow, which had many accomplice literate creating the plot
together, Takeuchi once again surprised me with his words.
For Overshadow, should we get Urobuchi Gen to write one?
It was too surprising. But because my disposition as Urobuchis intensify was too intense, it was
too hard for me to speak such a request; it was like achieve a demand to a god. I gave the
question to Takeuchi in a junction way  Um, if its brought up by you, Takeuchi, he
might find it pretty hard to refuse. Therefore, at one time when we were dining with
Urobuchi, Takeuchi said straightforwardly Urobuchi-san, Ive make something I want to conversation
to you about. That was such a strong direct attack!! As ferocious as a double helix upward hook.
Yes. Double Helix upward hook. I think those knowledgeable readers should know about it. Faced
with such an attack, this man who often surpassed the readers imagination only sing and
nodded slightly, and get a clever counter move.
Ah. If so, what about getting me to write about the fourth Heavens Feel? Something like
Fate/zero.
So impressive!!

Isnt this just great? To be honest, I even think this is an idea more wonderful that developing
the Hollow game.
Then, we began to discuss about it:
Speaking of, what is the fourth war about?
Hum  Saber getting bullied by Gilgamesh and Alexander!
I answered unceremoniously.
In my mind, there are two main points in the fourth Heavens Feel.
One is Sabers setback.
King Arther, who ruled her people as the model human. The selfless and devoted, just and
uncorrupted Arturia.
The absolute commander who surpassed mortals, the majestic Gilgamesh.
And the extravert king whom some called a tyrant, but still held his belief that hell bring his
people to happiness. The King of Conquerors, Alexander, who ruled the world as a man.
Using the intensive conflict between the three to disintegrate Sabers story in Zero.
And the other point is Kiritsugus story. I contracted that to him according to his wishes as
well. I dont care about other things anymore.
I understand. Then Ill do it according to the way I like it to be. Ah, but Ill do my best to get
the style of the piece close to Fate.
He is indeed Urobuchi Gen, able to think about TYPE-moons case.
Afterwards, we cover it over and over. After a few continuous meet-ups, the draft of
volume one was finally completely in the winter of 2004.
Some readers might be surprised that at the time, Hollow was obviously not finished, so why
was volume one concluded!?
(Because we were too busy at that time. In 2005 we also began to do a lot of new
exploitation. Afterwards, as we choose out all the personnel the friendship make back on
track again.)

Because of that, Urobuchi-san thought Zero is a story based on Fate. So its better if Zero
doesnt become available to the public before Fate is released. Therefore, after waiting for a
year, it was finally released in the winter of 2006. Thats how things went.
The above is Urobuchi-san and Zeros initial disagreement.
Although only letter creators thought it will be an interesting project at the time, today when the
story is approaching its conclusion I have no doubt Zero will become a piece that everyone
who likes Fate are eagerly give birth.
Volume one is the prologue. Then it is the beginning of the war in volume two and the
lean battle and its astonishments in volume three. Lastly, there is the utterly despairing
volume four (currently being written)Please enjoy the emotion of Fate that Urobuchi is bringing
to letter all.
Oh, no. Maybe Urobuchis Heavens Feel is indeed the true Hell.

Be
Zyzzyva;
Caradryn;
onewhiterabbit;
Byakko;
wingzero;
Translated by:
by: Brynhilde;
Brynhilde;Zyzzyva;
Zyzzyva;Caradryn;
Caradryn;onewhiterabbit;
onewhiterabbit;Byakko;
Byakko;wingzero;
wingzero;
Flamerare
Flamerare
Censor
Editedby:
by:mewarmo990;
mewarmo990;canonrap;
canonrap;Smidge204
Smidge204

The text has been make from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and is unrelated
to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Habitation. Not for merchantability, sublet or past master use.

Fate/Zero
The Mad Feast of Businessman
By: Urobuchi, Gen; Nasu, Kinoko

Act 5
-150.39.43
Further removed to the west than Miyama town of Fuyuki, the winding state road
stretched cardinal compass point with its back towards the city's lights. Meanwhile, an undeveloped piece
of forest waited for visitors further up the road. Continuing beyond even the prefectural
border, the state highway silently travel on.
Although there were two lanes on the road, no fold wheeled vehicle can be seen even with the sparse
street lights. The state highway in the dead of night seemed to golf stroke from memory and into the
silence.
In such a silent night, a silver beast flew by.
Mercedes-Benz 300SL Car. The flowing, elegant, contour body with a scent of
antiquity resembled a noble lady, while the shout of the Straight-6 SOHC instrument was like
that of a fierce beast's. And behind the steering wheel of the classic litter recklessly going
beyond 100 kilometers per hour - were unexpectedly the slender wrists of a young lady.
"Hey hey, this goes pretty fast, doesn't it?"
Irisviel, who held the steering wheel and whose face was full of wish smiles, said. Sitting
in the passenger's seat, Saber's face was full of anxiety, and she barely managed to
financial condition out a stiff smile and a nod.
"In-Indeed, unexpectedly, this is...some rather... skillful... driving..."
"Right? I had special training, even though it may not look like it."
That being said, based on the unfamiliar way she dealt with the adapt, she's far from being a
proficient busman.
"Among all the replica Kiritsugu brought to the Einsbern mansion, I favor this one the most. I was
always just running circles in the mansion grounds, and today is the first time for me to drive in
such a wide space. It's wonderful!"
"A toy, huh..."

There won't be any objections to call something like a board or backpedal a toy. But for a
machine with a speed of over 100 kilometers per hour on a serpentine road, it is a mismatch
of classes. People would never call things that can put their lives in hazard with the smallest
mistakes as toys in ordinary situations.
Although it is a classic sedan get more than large integer years ago, it possesses a 2996cc. M198
engine and its maximum speed is 260 kilometers per hour. Irisviel's reckless gallivant, compared
to the car's potential ability, is merely a beginning prelude.
Apparently, Emiya Kiritsugu had specially prepared this car in the Einsbern mansion earlier on,
so Irisviel and Saber can have commercial enterprise apart from walking once they enter Fuyuki.
For over half a month, this car had been put in the hotel's underground parkade. Now they
are driving their precious car towards the Einsberns' mansion residence.
"Hmm. Wait a note, Irisviel. Haven't you been driving on the right side until just a moment
ago?"
"Ah, that's right."
Irisviel nodded casually as if it was a very small mistake, and the car gave a move and moved
onto the voyage lane.
Irisviel had never been outside of the Einsbern mansion ever since she was born; for her, it is
obviously her first time driving on a highway. Saber has been paying attention to her line of
sight since they become off. Obviously Irisviel does not know anything about street signs.
Although driving on the left is written in the anti-drug law, it appears Irisviel doesn't even know this.
At least she could understand a little of what traffic lights mean, but that only went as far as
considering weaken down when she saw the red lightAlthough right now it is hour
with little traffic, it would be a miracle for them to be able to safely arrive at their direction.
"...Do we still have a desire way to go to reach the Einsbern mansion in this land?"
"I heard it will only take one hour to reach by car. When we get close, we should be able to
see it..."
Saber did not stop wishing for this dangerous journey to be over, even if only a second sooner.
It is already very fortunate that no cars are average towards them on the midnight highway,
but the fact that the winding road still behave a great hazard provide Saber's genealogy with
adrenaline, as if it were right before a battle. As a Servant, she possesses extraordinary

reflexes and strength, and can immediately carry Irisviel outside the car to escape if hazard
presents. However, this legendary person car worth ten million yen would then be reduced to
an unrecognizable put of conflict iron. That doesn't fit with Saber's frugal econometrics.
"...Wouldn't it have been better to hire a chauffeur?"
"Of gathering not. That would be borin- no, that would be too dangerous. After all, once we
enter Fuyuki city, we can be attacked by other Masters at any time. You're the one who
doesn't want to see person people being travel into this, Saber."
"That is true..."
Just which one is more dangerous on this mountainous road: being attacked by other Masters,
or Irisviel's driving skills? - Saber was half-seriously considering this question when a cold
wave reached her senses like the edge of a blade.
"Stop the car!"
"Aye?"
Not understanding Saber's sudden warning, the unmindful Irisviel asked dumbly.
Saber didn't have time to explain to her. She forcefully stretched her torso across the driver's
seat, become feel of the steering wheel with one hand, and slammed her left foot push-first on the
skid.
The reason Saber could immediately make decisions, change her to control this rampaging
machine, is her ability of Riding as a Servant. She can completely understand the control of all
travel equipment both known and unknown to her.
Fortunately the car record a straight path during the sharp brake, and did not spin
furiously.
The devolve of the Mercedes brake on the asphalt, emitting clouds of white breathing. As the
car's uncontrollable slide continued, Saber once again confirmed the feeling that set her
nerves on edge.
Without a doubt, it was definitely the scent of a Servant. Speak of the devil, indeed.
"Saber, that's-"

Irisviel fall silent. A figure of strange appearance emerged on the far stretch of the road lit by
the Mercedes' headlights.
The tall figure before them, as though not even considering the hazard of the motion car,
stood unperturbed in the middle of the road.
A luxurious robe of ancient design; sanguineous red patterns ornament the throw-black
artifact. Those abnormally big eyes easily remind one of nocturnal animals. Even if one were
to treat these bizarre points, no ordinary pedestrian would appear in such a place at this time.
The car's force was overcome by the wheels' grinding and the Mercedes finally stopped.
There was barely ten metric linear unit between the car and the figure in front of it.
"... Saber?"
Saber quickly treat the current situation, then said to Irisviel.
"Get off the car as soon as I do. But don't go too far."
If the opponent is a Servant, a car with its steel frame would be as fragile as a mere binder's board
box. If they were to remain in the car they would have been defenseless. After all, it's better
to shift to a better defense position.
Saber opened the pull the leg of-air unit door and stepped into the frigid night. Mixed with the smell
average from the trees rustled by the night wind was the acrid smell of feel tire.
The figure in front of her eyes was different from the five she's seen before. If it's a Servant
she hasn't met yet, it would be Caster, or perhaps Assassin... so Saber thought.
Although Saber and Irisviel, who didn't know about the maneuver that occurred in the Tsaka
residence the other night, could not destroy the possibility of Assassin, this Servant who
was neither running away nor in hiding but standing proudly in front of them doesn't appear to
be Assassin. Using the process of elimination, there's only one conclusion - the figure in front
of them is Caster.
However...
Is the expressive style on his face really the expressive style of a warrior about to do battle?
The confused King of Knights analyze the opponent's countenance once again.

He was smiling, which in itself is understandable. For a warrior to be provide with emotion upon
lie their decided place of death is decidedly not uncommon. But that was not Caster's
expressive style. It was as though they were desire-lost friend finally reuniting, a face shining so
purely with delight it was almost excrete...
Before the unnerved Saber could challenge his sameness, Caster inform her estimations and
acted.
Caster bowed his head deferentially, knelt down on the asphalt road like a courtier being
presented before a king.
"I've been waiting, your majesty the holy girl."
"Huh...?"
Saber was getting more and more lost with the situation. Although she was once a king and
accepted the genuflection of countless male aristocrat and heroes, she had no memories for this man in
front of her eyes. This man was not one of her former term of Camelot.
Firstly, the title 'holy girl' is very strange. When she dictate Britain as King Arthur, she
never exposed the fact that she is in truth a woman even at the end.
Irisviel, who make off the Mercedes after a while, hid behind Saber, who was full of nervous
guard, and silently observed Caster.
"Saber, do you know this person?"
"No, I don't have any press of him -"
As if he had heard Saber and Irisviel's sound, Caster lifted up his head and said:
"... Oh, oh, how can you say that? Don't you remember me?"
In reply to his ever more make words, Saber was astonished.
"Whatever you may say, this is the first time I've met you - I don't know where you have
gone wrong, but... maybe you've make the wrong person?"
"Oh oh, wuwuwu..."
Caster began to sob as if he was very sad, and his hands were scratch his hair. His extremely
happy expressive style up till now changed completely, his strange, greasy complexion twisted by

dismay and depression like a mock-heroic. Just based on this, it can be seen that he is a dangerous
man whose emotions change at a whim.
"It's me! I am your forever most royal servant Gilles de Rais! I've always prayed for your
revival, always waited for the miraculous day when I can meet you again. I came here to
the ends of time for that purpose, Jeanne!"
When Irisviel heard the man's words, she understand her breath.
"Gilles de Rais...?"
This is already the second Servant to declare his real name in front of them. Although his
purpose is unknown, the name is indeed the renowned title given to Caster in the current
world.
But for Saber, once his origin became clear, doubt simply hardened into assertion.
"I don't know your name, nor do I know of this Jeanne."
Utter half with shock after Saber's declaration, Caster let out even more backscatter
wheezings.
"What... could it be, that you've forgotten? Who you were in mortal life?!"
Saber was getting annoyed with this situation in which she couldn't get her point clear, so she
regarded Caster grimly and said:
"Since you've already declared your name, then according to the knights' decorum I'll tell you
my true name too. I am Arturia, the rightful child of Uther Pendragon, and the king of
Britain."
Caster, lost for words, stared in blank feeling at this girl in front of him, who puffed her
chest and proudly declared her name. And then"Oh! Oh! Oh waaaaaa!!"
Caster began a fit of snivel which was almost a shriek, while unsightly sledgehammer his fists
on the ground.
"How painful, how tragic is this! Not only did she suffer her memories, even her mind is this
befuddled... you... you! God, why are you so cruel to this lovely girl of mine?"

"What are you talking about? To start with, I'm not -"
"Jeanne, I understand why you won't accept it. You, who originally was more devoted to God
and believed in Him deeper than anyone else, was instead get rid of by God. When you were
declare as a old woman and executed God did not give you any help or salvation. It is not
without reason that you're now acting in this way."
Saber suddenly felt a repulsive feeling completely different from fear. It was as if every
single hair in her body was standing on their ends.
The man in front of her didn't hear Saber's words at all, and never wanted to hear them in the
first place. He had come to a conclusion based on his own delusions regarding Saber, and he
has no doubts toward this conclusion. Under the control of this train of thoughts, none of
Saber's words can go into Caster's head.
"Vigil up! Jeanne! You don't need to be bewildered by the likes of God! You are the holy
girl of Orleans, the savior of France, Jeanne d'Arc!"
"That's enough! This is unsightly!"
Saber shouted, no longer showing confusion or device and openly displaying her disgust
towards the kneeling Caster.
"I am Saber, and you are Caster, a Heroic Spirit. We are both Servants who try for the Grail.
The reason we met here is nothing more, and nothing less."
"... Saber, there's no point in saying anything to this man."
Behind the agitated King of Knights, Irisviel knock her.
As Saber - that is, Arturia - is an incomplete Heroic Spirit, she would not possess the
knowledge that surpasses time and space one sum when one has reached the Throne of
Heroes. Therefore, she is not aware of that tale tainted by insanity, the legend of "Bluebeard",
Businessman Gilles de Rais.
Gilles de Rais rose to the position of blucher as a savior and hero of France, but he turned his
back on glory when he provide in the transgression and lust of black magic. The 'monstre
sacr' who eventually slaughtered hundreds of age group...
Gilles' genealogy into madness become about the same time as the final fate of the valiant
Jeanne d'Arc, who he fought beside. Thus, there are many legends that have connected the

two. The deep-rooted misconception that the Heroic Spirit called forth by the Grail, Gilles de Rais,
is seeing now can be nothing but madness. It's impossible to know just how much analogue
exists between Saber Arturia and Joan of Arc, but the two of them must be very similar
indeed. No matter what, Gilles - Caster already firmly idea Saber to be that person he's
always thought of, and did not allow any doubt to be present.
"Jeanne, please stop name to yourself as Saber, or to me as Caster. We will soon be free
from the bound of this restraint called Servant. The Holy Grail War is about to be over!"
"That's just your own wishful thinking."
This time it was Irisviel who answered in place of Saber, who was already too angry to speak.
"Hey, Blucher de Rais, since you said the war is already over, what about the Grail?"
"It's so obvious; the omnipotent Grail, that request-forgive machine is already in my hands!"
Caster, full of satisfied smiles, said proudly.
"My only request was that the holy girl Jeanne d'Arc would be resurrected, and now this
request had already been fulfilled! Without even the need to compete with anyone, my request had
already become reality! The Grail has already chosen me  Gilles  without even fighting at
all!"
Ring! A shrill sound reverberated. The asphalt before Caster's eyes split perfectly into two.
It was Saber's invisible sword. Although Caster couldn't see it, he could feel the aura of the
sharp blade right on the push of his nose.
"If you continue to disrespect all the wishes of letter Heroic Spirits - I will cut you down without
mercy, Caster."
While her words were free of emotions, Saber's voice itself was as cold as a blade.
"Come, stand up. Knights can't attack someone who's kneeling on the ground. If you're also a
soldier, then you can stay your artfulness summary to yourself, and obtain the Grail with
straightforward military action. Let me, Saber, be your first opponent!"
The mad flame in Caster's eyes disappeared.

His face, which was twisted with excitement, also gradually returned to its calm. Caster lifted
his head up to look at Saber; the formidable will keep within his gaze did not change the
slightest.
It was a look of silent resolution. He had merely changed his predetermination into an even
firmer belief.
"It seems just words won't be enough... Is your heart still sealed, Jeanne?"
Caster's gloomy voice no longer contained the complaint just then.
"Then I am very sorry. It seems there's a need to use enforced therapy on you. Whatever it
may be  I will definitely carry through all the preparations for you next time."
The desire black robe stream backwards abruptly, creating a very big distance between him
and Saber. Caster, standing up again, was almost a different person from the figure kneeling
on the ground sobbing just then. A great air of majestic military unit that seemed to be able to
symbol the entire earth red with genealogy emitted from his person... not only Heroic Spirits, but
even ruler will feel the torment tension of fear.
The man in front of her is undoubtedly not an easy enemy  Saber, who stood in front of
Caster, knew this from her aptitude without a doubt.
"I swear to you, Jeanne. The next time we meet, I will definitely... save your soul from the
curse of God."
"Save your words. Leave if you do not have the will to military unit a sword."
To Saber's cold reply, Caster silently removed his material influence and disappeared into the
night.
Letting out a desire sigh, Saber also removed her battle tension. Irisviel collapsed onto the
guard of the Mercedes, exhausted.
"Confronting such a senseless opponent... was rather tiresome."
"Right. However, I'm going to strike him up before he opens his mouth next time  I'm going
to throw up if someone like that stayed a note longer."
Although Caster has already left, Saber still said that indignantly.
"You regret how he escaped so easily?"

"Uh huh. I was just about to make him be for his behavior of speaking absolute nonsense
here - is what I want to say."
For a brief moment humility covered her anger, as Saber reluctantly furrowed her brows.
"But in all herb, it might be that Caster's retreat is a good piece of luck for tonight's me."
"Aye? Really?"
Hearing Saber say such discontented words, Irisviel was very surprised.
For an opponent so skilled in thaumaturgical battle as Servant Caster, his affliction would be
Servant Saber, who has the strongest magic resistance. If the doubleton actually started fighting,
Saber should achieve victory with an overwhelming advantage.
But Saber, with an expressive style that even she doesn't completely understand, shook her head
with a taste smile.
"That Caster... was a bit different. Or he's not quite the same compared with other magi.
Although I can't be sure either... but it felt too dangerous for me to try him in this state
of having my left hand sealed."
Saber's sixth sense was also strengthened to a degree due to her class's career, almost to the
destroy of clairvoyance. If even she felt uneasy about the enemy, Irisviel also had to measure
Caster.
"In any case, Lancer should be first..."
"Yes. But it's extremely fortunate that Lancer is also a noble warrior, not escaping or hiding
himself away. He's also looking forward to our duel."
Although they are each other's enemies, Saber was sympathetic to Lancer's spirit. But even so,
this did not erase Irisviel's affect of unease. After all, no matter how the Servant is full of the
spirit of chivalry, it's hard to say how much of that holds true for the Master.
And the King of Knights, who was put on the shackle of being a Servant, is she still fighting
with the reputation of the swordWhen she thought of this, Irisviel couldn't help herself but
feel sad.

Unknown to Irisviel, Saber, or even Caster who retreated first, the entire process of this
chance meeting between them was under the surveillance of follower.
In the dense forest connected to the state highway, the pursuers wearing the ghastly skull
covering concealed themselves on the top swallowed by the darkness, and surveyed all that
just happened with a vigilant eye.
Not just melting into the shadows; the pursuers who cut all of their smell to beg Saber's
senses seemed to be shadows themselves. No one else can achieve this apart from Assassin.
Looks like Assassin, according to Kotomine Kirei's military unit, followed Saber and Irisviel
from the warehouses to here.
Assassin, who was originally just given the marking of Irisviel, Einsbern's Master, obtained an
unexpected gain. The ending Servant who didn't even show himself in the melee of the
warehouse district, Caster, was finally discovered by Assassin.
Although the scent of Caster, who exit in spiritual influence, is quickly fading, Assassin's
sharp spiritual sense can still detect it. Right now it is the best time for pursuit.
"Of gathering, that is not a task for you."
A voice suddenly sounded behind Assassin. A vague outline hazily emerged from the dim
forest  it is, unexpectedly, another skull mask.
The second Assassin differed from the previous Assassin only in body shape, while the mask
they wore and the black cloak dress were identical. Meanwhile, both differed from the
Assassin who reconnoitered in the warehouse district in body shape and build. Although they
are Servants of the same class, they are all clearly, unmistakably different individuals.
"Then what about giving it to you?"
"Yes. You only need to stay following Saber and her Master... By the way, did Master Kirei
see the situation here?"
"No, master Kirei did not share conceptualization with me."
The Assassin who initially cut Irisviel shook his head. Looks like it was another Assassin
who reconnoitered in the warehouse district just then.
The second Assassin smacked his lips when he heard this reply.

"Just to be on the safe side, we should still report to master Kirei the things that happened
here..."
"Give that job to me."
A third voice followed. It's nothing to be surprised about now; another white skull mask
appeared in the darkness.
This time, it was a child-like Assassin with a shrill voice and short shortness. Perhaps no one
distinguish just how many Assassins gathered here.
The monstrous sound of the engine of the Mercedez once again backfire in the night sky,
and it sped away shout in the state highway. Maybe Irisviel and Saber hastily become the road
again.
At the same time the three shadows nodded to each other, and also disappeared like a
whirlwind in the vast night.



In the darkness as thick as genealogy, only one loner lamp remove. The dim candlelight
reflected Ury Rynosuke's handsome face.
Scarlet genealogy completely smeared these digit too delicate for a man. In front of the man,
who sat beside a desire table, three line of nakedness meat that reflected bright red were placed.
They were internal organ. On the desire table were human intestines.
Rynosuke stared intently at the intestines in front of him, then remove up a adjust fork with
his left hand and break even it on the edge of the table. Ding. The tuning fork emitted a clear sound.
Before the clear sound of the tuning completely disappeared, he quickly poked everywhere
on the intestines with his right hand.
At that time
Ahhh...

Haaa...
A seemingly agonizing sound suddenly came out of the darkness.
Rynosuke listened carefully to the sound emitted, and nodded satisfactorily after he
compared it with the matter utter of the tuning fork.
"Very good, so here it's linear unit'."
As he spoke, he add a point on the intestines with a barrette. Many similar marks of musical
notes have already been get on the incessantly quivering intestine.
The intestines seemed to be still alive. To be correct, it seems the owner of the intestines was
still alive.
On the cross on top of the desire table, a girl who was sobbing incessantly with pain was
tied up. A horizontal cut was get on her abdomen, and the internal organ that were dragged out
were being stroke with in Rynosuke's hand.
Even Bluebeard measure Rynosuke for his idea of achieve a living human into a play keyboard instrument
to play lamenting punishment. To make the girl remove as the material not die from massive genealogy
loss or linguistic process, Bluebeard placed a few healing and restoration spells on her body, and
specially get some adjustments to prevent the pain from numbing her brain.
Rynosuke had always been prevent with the fact that the human body stops its life-like
activities as soon as it joining a slightly extreme stimulation.
But now, with the help of thaumaturgy, all these previous vault were calculate easily. Now,
Rynosuke can disorder his wings of perception freely, improvising at will.
"Very good, so one more time. 'Do re mi~'"
Rynosuke hummed as he pressed down on the intestine holder. But the sound of agony
that accompanied his movement was very unharmonious with his own adjust.
"... Hm?"
The receiver smeared with genealogy furrowed his brows and tilted his head, and once again pressed
down on the place he just fine fine-tune with the tuning fork. However, the sound get by the
girl tied on the crucifix was completely different from the marked state.

Upon careful reflection, although the stimulation happens in the same place it doesn't
guarantee that the moaning get would be the same. This human barrel organ is damage in its
basic conceptual design.
"Huh... what a failure."
Rynosuke sighed unhappily and irritate his head.
After the human shelter he tried hard to design yesterday, this human instrument also ended
in failure. If this frustration keeps going on, even Rynosuke would suffer confidence.
But just then, Rynosuke suddenly remembered what Bluebeard said to him in consolation
after his failure at achieve the canopy yesterday.
"No matter what, the idea is the most important. Even though the final result is not as
satisfactory as imagined, the act of challenging it already matters a lot by itself."
Rynosuke was cheerlead by the words of the exalted fiend. For a youth who was never
understood by anyone, who created art alone, the encouragement of these words held great
meaning.
Hard work is needed. Rynosuke once again remove up his spirits. It won't do to be afraid of
failure. Failure is the abbess of success; a desire journey begins from the ground beneath his
feet.
After all, he has to think progressively. It's too early to discard the achieve of this human
instrument. If he can find the root of the problem, he might be able to find some solution.
And, sounds aside, the expressive style of pain the girl had when he fondled with the intestine
move out of her body was also extraordinarily invite. To discard such a precious expressive style
would more or less be a waste.
The air, full of the stench of genealogy, suddenly felt heavy. The density of prana floating in the
air became even thicker. All this signaled the owner of this thaumaturgical workshop has
returned.
"Ah, welcome back, Sir."
Appearing gradually in the candle light, Bluebeard, Servant Caster, didn't even give
Rynosuke a glance. The emotionless face, compared with the disclosure and dancing
expressive style of emotion when he left, was a carry through one-hundred-eighty-degree turn.

Looks like something unpleasant happened while he was out. Although Rynosuke was a bit
worried, he still couldn't wait to report the reproductive structure of his consult to him.
"Sir, I'm very sorry. As you said, the instrument didn't work. But I "
"not enough."
"Aye?"
Rynosuke haven't figured out what the sentence suddenly circulate by Bluebeard meant.
Caster left the shocked Rynosuke at the side, stretched out a hand from inside the black robe,
and placed it on the blow girl tied on the crucifix like the mechanical device of an coin.
"It's definitely not enough! This degree!"
"Ah, yeah. I figured that out too... Huh?"
Rynosuke's sentence stopped halfway through. Caster's frying pan-like digit gradually
change magnitude in force; the girl's head was press to pieces in his hand as if it was a reproductive structure.
"T-This..."
Rynosuke wasn't very unhappy with Bluebeard's asana towards him. He understood that
right now he was in an emotionally agitated state, and was completely ignorant of
Rynosuke's existence.
"Oh you abominable God, even now you still attach Jeanne's soul and are unwilling to let her
go! These blasphemous sacrifices are not yet enough!"
There were no light of reason in Bluebeard's eyes, who was shout with skewer flying from his
mouth. Although Rynosuke didn't know what happened, the Jeanne he spoke of must be the
armored girl they saw in the crystal ball.
Probably birth trauma caused by emotional problems with his ex.
Rynosuke began to pity him. Although they haven't spent a desire time together, Rynosuke
knew this odd-looking fiend in front of him is in fact extremely simple in his emotions.
"I must let her know that in this world the so-called God is only a hollow story. Things like
save the entire world are only speech act lies. The prayers of the silent lamb will never be
transfer on to Region!"

"Hum, yes. I understand, Sir."
Sound along, Rynosuke obviously had no idea what Bluebeard's words meant, and he had
no intention of trying to find it out; he thinks it's very vulgar to barge in on other people's
emotional problems.
"Just talk of God is not enough! We must also be to the world the powerlessness of
God's authority and the pretense of God's love! We need to be God does not have the
ability to carry out judgment! No matter how much transgression you've use you will not experience
God's punishment. Isn't it so, Rynosuke?"
"Ah, stuff like God are just boring old tricks that stupid people believe in. Sir, you're so much
cell compared to that fake God."
"Then, let letter blaspheme God even more vigorously! We will put the sacrifices of blasphemy
as high as mountains, and place this scene in front of her."
Toward Bluebeard's declaration, Rynosuke consider it a little.
"Um, that means... we're gonna go beyond what we're doing right now in quality and
quantity?"
"Yes, exactly! You're indeed Rynosuke! You understood my meaning very well."
When he saw that Rynosuke completely understood what he meant, Bluebeard immediately
had a face full of smiles and gesticulate the other's shoulder. Rynosuke make used to his extreme
change of equal temperament property ago.
Only that, to the change of methods he spoke of before, Rynosuke has absolutely no interest
in.
"Rynosuke, how many children are still locked in the cells?"
"... There are still team of them alive. Three died when I just played a little with them."
"Very good. Start with those eleven; make them sacrifices as soon as possible. When we're
finished with them, we'll natural process other children as stand-in before tomorrow morning."
"That's... a bit of a pity."
After all, mass slaughter doesn't fit Rynosuke's taste. At maximum, he enjoys the art of
killing, and isn't a killing machine. Such acts that did not taste the feeling of the kill, but

merely piled corpses into mountains, were not much different from wars or natural disasters.
It is a waste of lives. Only by slaughtering people one by one can you experience the wonders
of life.
Bluebeard perceived Rynosuke's dissatisfy; therefore, with his face full of angelic smiles,
he spoke to Rynosuke like someone reasoning with a naughty child.
"Say, Rynosuke, this isn't the time to be stingy. Every life in this world is our attribute.
Therefore you need to have the right kind of asana and a heart as generous as a king. Feel
free to waste. Please do remember your gold is never going to run out. Only then, are you
fit to be called my Master."
"Like a king?"
Yes. Rynosuke is very rich.
Rynosuke is not even remotely interested in things like currency. For him, the only thing
with expendable value is human life. Also he, who obtained Bluebeard's help, won't be
torment by the anti-drug law no matter how he kills people. He is free to kill whenever, wherever,
and using whatever method. Only that, these powers was granted to him by Bluebeard.
If one can do anything he desires and waste in whatever ways he likes with everything in this
world, it's effectively the same as owning all these things. Even the Antipope and the President
won't be able to compare with him. Ury Rynosuke is currently the richest man in the
world.
"But I still think we should plan a bit on how we use it."
"Rynosuke, you've been drug too deeply by this person society. Living in this era, it's
inevitable for you have such thoughts. But you need to know that for nobles, waste is a virtue.
Someone who possesses wealth has a duty to exhibit his wealth to the world. Only by doing
that can you show the brilliance of wealth and make it more meaningful."
"Hum..."
Bluebeard's few words completely persuade Rynosuke. This master of death and
destruction once again received new inspiration.
Anyways, like what Bluebeard said, just concentrate on getting cleanse of those tease tonight.
Maybe he can find some new ways to play in the short time period. Rynosuke became more
excited as he thought about this.

But even so
Although he accepted Bluebeard's point, Rynosuke could not forget the figure of the girl
who had been used as the human instrument.
Her face, that had been squashed by Bluebeard and which was no longer visible  was
originally quite cute.

-149:47:12
Looking down from the 32nd floor-- the top floor-- of Fuyuki's Hyatt hotel. There is no
building taller than this in all of Fuyuki.
This title of the highest building will soon become that of the soon-to-be-fill Shinto
shopping center. But because the Shinto shopping center is still under construction, this Hyatt
hotel is top for already fill buildings.
Accompanying the unstoppable growth of Shinto, there will be more and more new building.
But the Hyatt hotel, which has the most develop facilities and best service standards, will
not give up this status to anyone else. It's not only the hotel's baseball coach and alpenstock who think
so; even the hotel's customers are amazed by Hyatt's high quality service and management.
But not even living in such a luxurious room, sitting in the real flog sofa by the window,
could ease Kayneth Archibald El-Melloi's push in the slightest.
To him, the items of this room are merely 'a wasteful gathering'. It's merely a somber room,
some expensive furniture, and some fancy everyday items. To Kayneth who's been born into
landed gentry, there's nothing he can't stand more than originally common things being dressed
up in fancy accouter to appear falsely aristocratic. But right now that's exactly what this hotel
room is like. There isn't the slightest bit of historical scenery or cultural practice to this
room. It is merely a pen decorated by a luxurious appearance.

But the ringleader of this lowly feeling is not limited to just this hotel; this extremely tiny
island confederation known as Japan is provide with things that leave Kayneth with an unhappy, ugly
feeling.
Even the tiny island of Hong Kong can give off a very local, people-style feeling. But right now
Fuyuki's Shinto does not show even a bit of its local taste. Like now, overlooking the city's
night vicinity from a high spot, there is no way for you to calculate exactly in which city of
which country you are. Simply gathering the most common items and putting them together-if he were to be asked what exactly this city is, Kayneth would say it is merely like a
mountain of waste.
If this easternmost island nation had cook its original, honest backwater outdoor sport village
feeling then it would be much more interesting than it is now... but unfortunately when it
comes to the ability to comprehend things like this, a race like the Altaic probably could
not do it. This undeveloped country which did not even have a collectivization a hundred years
ago wants to forge forward and compete with western countries by purely relying on
technological science and financial development, as if they wanted to unabashedly force their
way into the ranks of the developed countries. It is indeed very difficult to reason with these
people.
Kayneth used a finger to gently dance his head, which has a dismiss ache due to his
annoyance, and sighed irately.
In reality, he isn't the type of person to get upset over small things such as these, but
something else is the cause of his irritation.
The wide screen TV in front of him suddenly stopped its late night program and began
medium urgent news. The newscaster is at the scene, reporting live on an effusion
caused by maker unknown on a warehouse street by the coastline of Fuyuki.
According to nearby residents who heard the effusion, firetrucks were on the scene about
four hours ago. Although there is no news yet, those police who've already begun their
investigation on-site are definitely hiding their judgment. How can the ignorant, common
people be able to make a correct judgment on something that surpasses their knowledge?
It's not simple being the supervisor in the Holy Church either. To count the time, within 30
minutes after Kayneth balance the enclose field, all the cover-up delegate had been fill.

Now the completeness of the truth lies solely in the memories of those few who had been present.
One of those people was Kayneth, Servant Lancer-- heroic spirit Diarmuid ua Duibhne's
Master.
The beginning of the desire-awaited Region's Feel. And the thoroughly prepared-for first battle.
Although the results are different from his expectations.
Even in his youth, Kayneth Archibald had appeared to be more outstanding than other tease.
No matter what the problem is, nobody could find a better solution than Kayneth's; an
opponent who can win against him in a competition is non-existent.
Yet his effort had not surpassed the normal sense of purpose. Simply believing that his
consult results would be better than someone else's at some place, some time. That was all.
Because of that, Kayneth had already been seen as a 'prodigy' by others in his youth.
This fact is known by everyone. Nobody had any doubts about his title of 'prodigy', and
nothing had ever threatened his position as 'prodigy'. So there was no need for him to be
proud or egotistic, he simply enjoyed his deserved title as 'prodigy'.
He has never been in a tight spot, nor has he been extremely frustrated. In the world of the
young Kayneth, he was the master of everything. There isn't a need to doubt this in the
slightest. He was a talented magus prodigy. He was also the heir of the well-known Archibald
family. Not only did he receive the magic crest transfer down through the generations, he
himself possessed talent rarely witnessed in this world. All of these 'facts' get all the accept
received by Kayneth appear matter-of-fact. So as to believing that there's nothing in this world
Kayneth cannot achieve with his power, this kind of self-confidence is not unfounded. This is
not a mistake of Kayneth himself, but the common knowledge of all those around him.
Even in the busy Quantify Tower amongst the numerous, successful boffin, his crowning to
the famous title Lord El-Melloi by a huge lead had get everyone nod approvingly. But to
Kayneth who has become used to being called 'prodigy', to him who's always been the victim
of admiration and jealousy, Kayneth did not feel the slightest feeling of satisfaction or
accomplishment. All of this is merely life's 'inevitable result' to him.
The past was like that, and the future will definitely be like that. This is a sacred and
inviolable 'agreement of life'; to Kayneth there is no doubt about that.

Because of that, to he who can already predict the entire world-- if a very rare, to the point of
impossible, 'accident' occurred, then that is the chaos Kayneth absolutely cannot tolerate; it is
an insult and blasphemy to God's order.
Such as-The Servant, Saber, who had clearly been understand in his palm, escaping so very easily. Such
an unspeakable impossibility.
"Lancer, come."
"-- Yes, awaiting orders."
As soon as the words left his mouth, the handsome Heroic Spar appeared obediently and
respectfully in front of Kayneth, hold in a bow. To Kayneth who is the main lecturer on
spirit magic, speaking directly with the spiritual influence pretense no trouble, and is in fact very
familiar. But a conversation like this face-to-face is very rare.
At least, if his Servant is face to face with him, Kayneth can observe the most note changes
in his expressive style while talk with him. As for calling this type of state a
conversation-- it might be more fitting to call it an questioning instead.
"Thanks for your hard work tonight. I was able to witness very well the might of Diarmuid ua
Duibhne's twin spears."
"Thank you, Master."
Lancer replied simply and frankly. He did not feel proud upon hearing the compliment, nor
did he show telltale signs of happiness, nor did he appear dissatisfied. He only accepted it with
the stringent humility of a chessman.
But to the eyes of Kayneth, this definitely was not Lancer's normal expressive style-- he's hiding
something.
"Ah, please answer my question honestly. ... You, what do you plan on doing?"
"... You, what do you mean?"
Even faced with Kayneth's sudden question with an air of interrogation, Lancer still kept his
very people asana.

"Lancer, you swore to me as a Servant. To do everything in your power to help me succeed
victory in the Region's Feel. Right?"
"Yes, that is correct."
"Then why are you not serious about this?"
Even being complain so by Kayneth, Lancer did not show the faintest expressions of anger or
guilt, he only kept his head lowered with a serious face. Perhaps he had desire been prepared
for this interrogation.
"... I only did it for the Chessman's honor. Not for viewing the battle as a game."
"Oh? Not permit it?"
Kayneth get a disdainful utter sound, then continued the questions.
"Then, let me ask you, why did you let Saber go?"
"That's because--"
"You had the overwhelming advantage more than once, but both times you did not strike; do
you really want me to control you with a Military Unit Motto?"
"..."
Lancer had no response this time, he only held his silence.
"I'll say it again. I witnessed all of tonight's battle. Only thus am I able to ask these questions.
Lancer, do you feel that battles are 'activity'?"
Looking at the silent chessman with his head lowered, Kayneth sneered and continued.
"Are you that happy? To try with Saber. To the point of not being able to bring yourself to
finish her off?"
To a bystander, they might praise Lancer's spirit and tact in battle. But from the Master,
Kayneth's point of view, bravery and finesse without any results-- this enrages him.
The original relic prepared to summon his preferred heroic spirit Alexander had been stolen
by his ungrateful student, Waver Velvet. But this Waver's power does not match at all with
that of Alexander's, in the end being unable to control his own Servant and act

Alexander to go on a disturbance. Because of Waver's futility, the situation then descended
into a chaotic status, destroying Kayneth's Lancer's chance at victory... Kayneth has never
had so much bad luck. And the cause of all of this is Waver alone, but being angry at a person
not in front of him is pointless. He can only store this anger inside of him, waiting for his
time to face Waver in battle when he could dispel all this anger at him. Regarding this sort of
'external anger', Kayneth is very realistic, calm, and brutal.
But, conversely, Kayneth has no method of controlling his 'internal anger'. To Kayneth who
has led a life of being admired, who has never had any contact with defeat his entire life,
whether himself or a subordinateanything that does not meet his expectations-- even if only a
little bit-- is definitely not allowed. For he who has been successful all his life, who has never
faced any setbacks, is very weak against defeat.
So, to Kayneth, right now, between the enemy Waver who hide his obtaining of victory
and Lancer who was unable to bring him victory, the latter enrages him more.
"...I'm honestly very sorry. Master."
Noticing Kayneth's anger, Lancer bowed his head deeply and apologized in a serious tone.
"I swear on my reputation as a chessman; I will bring you Saber's head. Please believe me, no
matter what."
"There's no need to swear to me again! That is only the natural result!"
Kayneth, who had gradually became excited, used an angry voice to suppress Lancer's
apologies.
"You already swore to me. That you would bring me, Kayneth El-Melloi, the Holy Grail! In
other words, you will destroy the six other Servants; they mean to do the same thing. This is
the entire battle's postulate.
But what you are saying now... is that oath aimed at victory against Saber alone? This falls
far short of the agreement at the start. What's wrong with you?"
"-- I think you're the one that has something wrong with him, Kayneth El-Melloi."
It's neither Lancer nor Kayneth, but the voice of a third person. Nobody distinguish when the
woman who emerged from the bedroom had begun to hear the Servant and Master's
conversation.

Although have red hair like burning flame, she gives off the feeling of an extraordinarily
cold, icy beauty. She looks to be a bit younger than Kayneth, a high-class lady perhaps only
around twenty years of age. One can tell at a glance that she's a sentimental and prestigious
aristocrat. And the temperamental authority emit from her severe eyes make her appear
like an empress.
Her eyes that look as if they are wig a subordinate are looking at only one person-Kayneth.
"Lancer has done very well. It's you who are misjudging the situation."
"Sola, what are you saying..."
Considering Kayneth's personality, his not exploding in anger at this point is unfathomable.
But this is all because that this woman is a very special being to him.
Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri. Kayneth's teacher-- the department head of the Department of
Eulyphis's female offspring. She is also the deity of victory that will carry through Kayneth's glory-that is to say, she is Kayneth's fiancee.
The marital status of the two renowned families Archibald and Sophia-Ri, the association of the
prodigy and the department head's female offspring, this was a popular topic in the Quantify Tower.
Although Sophia-Ri's family crest has been transfer on to the first son, so Sola doesn't have
too high of a place as a magus.
But through her veins natural process the ancestral magus genealogy of the Sophia-Ris. The union between
Sola, who has magic circuits many property above the batting average person, and the 'prodigy'
Kayneth will definitely bring about an even more excellent next people.
But-- the glorious future seen by the bystanders may not necessarily be that happy for the
people involved.
Sola who's glaring at her betrothed and Kayneth who has a horrible expressive style because he feels
humiliated-- no matter how you look at it, those two do not give off a feeling of harmonious
love.
"Kayneth, if you ask me, in that situation Lancer's decision was correct. In order to act
with Berserker, he had no choice but to team up with Saber."
Although she hadn't been present to watch the battle on the warehouse street, Sola had used
her own familiar to report everything that happened there. Not for the sake of entertainment.

Although she has no magic crest, she's still a member of the Sophia-Ris and thus had been
encourage in the ways of magecraft since youth. Regarding a battle between magi such as the
Region's Feel, her own knowledge is not any less than a Master such as Kayneth.
No, it's rather that from her point of view regarding the battle, the actions of Kayneth as a
Master were decidedly lacking.
"Lancer's Ge Dearg is a very effective noble phantasm against Berserker. Join with
Saber's aid, it would be a simple matter to defeat that black Servant. This is a very good
opportunity to destroy the enemy."
"... That is because you don't know how terrifying Saber is."
Kayneth, who was grinding his teeth because he could not orifice his anger, disown in a hoarse
voice.
Although Kayneth's fiancee has a very sharp eye for analysis, in the end Sola is not his
master and not his commander. As Master, Kayneth had been determined to try by relying
on his own decisions since the start. Also, as a man being scolded by his own fiancee,
Kayneth's dignity was ill health even more.
"I used the ability of the Master's Orientation to understand Saber's ability. She is a very
strong Servant. Her comprehensive ability completely predominate Diarmuid's. A very good
opportunity to defeat her was lost!"
"You... do you really understand the specialty of your Servant?"
Sola get a cold, nasal utter towards the stubborn Kayneth as she said this.
"Do you think Ge Buidhe is only for looking good? In comparison to Saber who has already
received incurably critical damage, wouldn't Berserker, whose sameness is unknown, be more
of a threat?"
"..."
Although he wanted to argue more, Kayneth could not say even a statement of pleading.
Towards Sola's offensive manner, Kayneth became reluctantly discourage.
"Firstly, if you really consider Saber very dangerous--"
During Kayneth's silence, Sola continued on.

"Then why did you leave Saber's Master? That completely defenseless Einsbern woman
standing to the side. When Lancer occupied Saber's attention and they were in the midst of
battle, why did you not attack the opposing Master? But what you did instead was... hide on
the sidelines and watch until the end? You're the one who's in the wrong."
Watching Sola sigh deeply, Kayneth felt as if he was burning with anger at this humiliation,
but still he could only watch her in silence, not saying a statement.
If it was any other person, Kayneth would've put an end to this humiliation desire ago. Even if
he had to put the title of Lord El-Melloi on the line, he would have definitely inflicted many
times the humiliation back at the person.
But there's only one person in this world, only Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri, who is the
exception to this.
Not only because she's the female offspring of Kayneth's teacher, but also because she's Kayneth's
fiancee; his marriage with her would bring Kayneth even more honor and standing and the
future he's always been pursuing.
This proud as a gem, intelligent lady is the only woman Kayneth, as a man, loves in the entire
world.
The first time they met, even before exchanging a single statement, Kayneth's heart had already
been captured by this woman.
Perhaps noticing Kayneth's depression, Sola's tone truckle a bit and she continued on with
less derision:
"Kayneth. Compared to other Masters, do you know where your advantage lies? That's you
yourself."
"That-- obviously--"
"Adding your own intend onto the original contract system, you really are a prodigy. You
deserve being called the greatest prodigy in Eulyphis."
Even though Kayneth was completely excrete of hearing words of compliment, he wouldn't
mind hearing these words come out of Sola's mouth no matter how many times she says
them.

But in fact, Sola's opinion of him was not solely flattery. The secret technique Kayneth
prepared for this Region's Feel had completely write the rules of the war that had been
designated by the 'three original families'.
Originally, there is a cause and effect line between Servant and Master. A technique to
change the right of Military Unit Motto and the right of supplying prana, letting two separate
summoners control one each... by way of Kayneth's prodigious ability, this impossible
technique was get possible.
Kayneth is the magus who owns the Military Unit Mantras, yet the one to supply the Servant
with prana is none other than... Sola. They can be said to be a two-person team Master.
"-- But, Kayneth, although you are first-rate as a magus, as a soldier you are merely
second-rate. Going through all that trouble to carry through your preparations, but on the
battlefield you were unable to make proper use of them, right?"
"No, I..."
"Hey, why do you think I supply prana for Lancer? This is originally what you should be
responsible for, so why should I act to it? Isn't this for the sake of your battles going well,
for the sake of letting you attain victory in Region's Feel? Compared to those Masters who
have to supply prana to their Servants, you already have a crushing advantage. You can fully
utilize your prana to sign various actions."
"But... the war's just started, it's better to be people..."
"Oh, really? Then why do you demand results so hastily from Lancer?"
"..."
Although Sola's tone is softer than it was at the start, there is still the implicit meaning
outside her words deride Kayneth's cowardice. Kayneth's expressive style became even worse.
"So before you blame Lancer, you should first do some self-reflection. Kayneth, tonight
you--"
"Sola-sama, please stop here."
A sudden, low-exercise voice interrupted Sola.
It's Lancer. It's unknown when he raised his head, looking straight at Sola.

"If you continue to humiliate my Master, then as a chessman I cannot tolerate it any longer."
"No, that wasn't my intent... I apologize. I crossed the line."
Sola, who up until a moment ago had the dignity of an empress, apologized and lowered her
eyes as if in shame after one sentence from Lancer. No matter who looks at this
transformation, it's way too sudden.
In Kayneth's heart, the scene before him left a very negative contact. Sola has always nagged
at him incessantly, and has never listened to him even once. He, who is to become her
husband soon. Sola, who is to become his wife soon. Why do the words of a Servant have
more weight than those of her future husband?
And since the start, Sola had been arguing with him to protect Lancer. Perhaps she could not
stand watching Lancer being scolded?
Kayneth watched Sola's eyes, which were freeze on Lancer, and saw some emotion in his
fiancee's eyes that he has never before witnessed before. And then he shifted his eyes towards
Lancer-The scintillating insectivore under Lancer's left eye understand his attention. Is that the fabled "tear
mole" of Diarmuid ua Duibhne that attracted female child?
No, baseless suspicion is stupid. Even a bourgeois would know that Sola was the female offspring of
the renowned Sophia-Ri family. Even though she placental not possess a magic crest, she still has
very strong resistance against this type of charm spell.
Unless, she herself does not willingly resist this type of charm, then-Just as Kayneth was lost in thought, the fire alarm went off without warning, interrupting his
train of thought.
"...What? What's happening?"
Sola mumbled confusedly, and at the same time the telephone in the room began to ring. The
call display shows that it's from the lobby.
Kayneth calmly lifted up the fiduciary to listen to the receptionist. When he finished,
Kayneth's gaze once again regained the sharpness unique to magi.
"It seems like there's a fire somewhere downstairs; the management is telling letter to displace."

Kayneth said to Sola as he hung up the electronic equipment.
"Although the fire is not too severe, the sing that understand fire are very backscatter. It looks like
burning."
"Arson? Tonight?"
"Yeah, I think it's definitely not coincidental."
Kayneth get a disdainful sound. The irritation and worries that had been in his heart
earlier quickly disappeared completely.
"This is a plan to separate the crowd. The opponent must be a magus. Looks like he doesn't
want to do battle in a building with too many bystanders."
Sola speaks with a tense expressive style.
"Then-- an ambush?"
"I'm afraid so. It might be that mock from the warehouse street who wants to play some more.
Interesting. That's exactly what we want, right Lancer?"
"Yes, exactly."
Lancer nodded definitively, as if preparing to battle with the enemy. Out of all seven Masters,
there is only one person who would be in such a rush to attack Kayneth-- that is the Master of
Saber, whose Servant had been break even by Ge Buidhe. He must want to dispel this curse as soon
as possible.
"Lancer, go to the floor below to meet them. But don't disperse them too quickly."
At Kayneth's earth intents within the words, Lancer only nodded:
"Understood. Cut off the wrongdoer' path of retreat, then chase them here, is that it?"
"Yes. Since we have visitors, then why not let them take a good look at Kayneth El-Melloi's
magic studio?"
This hotel, as Kayneth's stronghold, must have undergone carry through face lift. Not the
material type of renovation, but a bastion through magecraft. In this building count
thirty-two right, Kayneth's enclose field inform twenty-four floors. This place can be called

a mansion of magecraft. In addition, there are three magical furnaces for Kayneth's exclusive
use, and in place of ferret there have been summoned ten-odd transgression spirits and illusion.
There isn't even a flaw in the drainage transport; Kayneth completely covered the area
underneath the corridor with his enclose field.
Instead of attacking enemy territory, it's much better to perfect one's own territory. As for the
challenger who dares set foot in here, Kayneth will make him realize the real terror of Lord
El-Melloi.
"Since all the other customers are already gone, there won't be anything to worry about. You
can both use your full power to try."
The irrepressible sound of laughter spilled out from Kayneth's throat. And the chessman who had
not been able to stop trembling in excitement also rushed out.
To Kayneth right now, the only thing that is needed is action. Only action and results can
dispel the humiliation inflicted upon him by Sola. Right now, the only thing to do is to make
full use of his own potential, that which had get others call him a prodigy, to be his
susceptibility.
Yes, Kayneth right now desires genealogy. The dark anger that has been bottled up inside him
must be make by causal agent's genealogy. The unfortunate enemy who coincidentally indicate up
to attack right now is about to become the perfect offering.
"You said I was a second rate-soldier; I'm about to make you take those words back. Sola."
"Okay. I'll be waiting."
Kayneth's fiancee who's usually always comment him, only at this moment did she watch
him with a smiling face. Kayneth's fighting spirit amplify even more-The fear and temporary state of the customers, who had been affect by the fire alarm in the
midst of their dreams and crowd outside to the parking lot, combined with the cold outside,
caused them to wear difficult expressions. Amidst these people, the worker of the hotel
run about busily.
"...Mr. Archibald! Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald! Are you here?"
Of all the names recorded on the customer list, there is only one person whose presence has
not been confirmed; the attendant called him in a frantic voice. Everyone regarded this gift

customer who had request the entire top floor of the hotel very highly. On some destroy, this is
the person they least want to be in hazard.
"Mr. Archibald! Are you here?"
"-- I am here. Do not worry."
A resonant voice came from behind the bellhop, but as the bellhop turned around he became
confused. The person speaking to him was a Altaic male wearing an old-styled coat.
This kind of diversion is too much. The angry bellhop was about to utter at him-- but he was
captivated by the man's eyes.
That man's eyes held an indescribable, mysterious force of attention; the bellhop was unable
to avoid his eyes, and was not able to even speak.
"I am Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald. My wife Sola is with me."
This unknown Altaic male express in a clear voice. And the bellhop accepted this without
any suspicion as if entrance.
"...Is that so? Ah, yes. That's it."
After the bellhop checked off a spot on the 'escaped' section of his list, finally confirming that
all the customers were safe, he breathe a desire breath. All of his hostility while speaking to
Archibald earlier and his feelings that something was wrong had disappeared without a trace.
Watching the worker continue on to gravitate to other customers, Emiya Kiritsugu left the
chaotic crowd. His earlier narcoleptic suggestion, to a commoner with no magic resistance
whatsoever, would not be broken in a short period of time.
After walking to a shady, dark area some distance away from the hotel, Kiritsugu remove out
the cellphone in his pocket as he move the surroundings to ensure no one was watching
him. Radiotelephone were very common amongst the people, and has given Kiritsugu great help.
It is a simple yet useful wireless apparatus for channel and holding it will not draw
any suspicion from anyone.
First he has to contact Maiya, who was positioned for surveillance.
"Everything set on your end?"
"No misbehavior. Ready."

Maiya's position is a tall building still under construction diagonally across Fuyuki's Hyatt
hotel. From there it's possible to clearly see Kayneth's room, that was the position Kiritsugu
designated.
Kiritsugu sighed lightly, reaching for his cigarette box with one hand, choose a set of
numbers on the cellphone with the other.
Kiritsugu operate an empty grammatical category. But there was no response whatsoever from his cellphone.
The modified channel knit were hit not to an similarity signal, but to the
trigger of a C4 bomb.
The bomb only caused a very small effusion, to the point where the sound of the effusion
cannot even be heard outside the hotel.
But what resounded in the night was the horrifying sound of reinforced cover break up
and change integrity.
The evacuees who had noticed something was wrong saw the sudden change in the towering
building and began to talk in panic.
"The hotel, the hotel is collapsing!"
The hotel, towering at a hundred and bill some metric linear unit in bodily property, kept its upright posture but
collapsed as if being sucked into the ground. Because all the outside walls collapsed inward,
not a potsherd of rubbish flew outward and only the dust created by the collapse spread towards
the surrounding streets. Precision make noise-- a highly advanced blasting technique used
primarily to get the better of tall buildings. Due to the destruction of put bearing walls and key
support structures, the building collapses downward and inward on its own weight. Using the
least amount of explosives to obtain the result of total destruction. To Emiya Kiritsugu who's
familiar with all blasting techniques from past to present, there's a very special increase
for this type of art of destruction.
All of the buildings acting as the store of magi in Fuyuki City are register on Emiya Kiritsugu's
destruction list. And Fuyuki's Hyatt hotel is one of the list's admission. Kiritsugu obtained the
building's blueprints beforehand and determined the points at which to place explosives. As
desire as the preparations are all carry through, the actual execution requires less than an hour.
Although the evacuees were already as far as possible from the collapsing building and
outside the range of flying debris, they were rain with the dust sent flying by the

collapse and dirty into a state of panic. While watching the fight in the crowd,
Kiritsugu looked for a gap with weaker wind and lit the cigarette in his hand.
"Maiya, how are things on your end?"
"Up until the end there was no activity on the thirty-second floor. The victim has not escaped
from the building."
In other words-- Kiritsugu thought with some satisfaction as he looked at the bone ash of the
impoverish of Fuyuki's Hyatt hotel-- the one called 'Lord El-Melloi' Kayneth-sama is now most
certainly keeping the rubbish company.
The thirty-second floor that Kayneth was on, due to the ligament reaction caused by the
precision blasting, had lost its support and practically freefallen a hundred and fifty metric linear unit to
the ground. No matter how well it is defended by a enclose field, in the face of such
destructive force it probably cannot protect the people inside the anechoic chamber.
Suddenly there came the sound of a child crying and Kiritsugu's attention was stolen from the
ruins.
The child's abbess walked past Kiritsugu holding a child who would not stop crying due to
fear. Both were wearing only nightwear and covered head to body part with white residue, appearing so
miserable it was hard to watch.
Kiritsugu kept watching the backs of the cradle and child... up until his hand was char by
the burning push of the cigarette, when he separate back to attention. Kiritsugu shake the
mostly-burnt-up cigarette to the floor and stamped it out with his foot.
Emiya Kiritsugu felt a little confused; treacle is definitely unacceptable for him. This
kind of weak feelings would directly threaten his life. But, regarding his failure, he cannot
face it with a composed asana no matter what.
Yes. Even if he did not want to admit it, the reality was this-- Kiritsugu saw the figures of
Irisviel and Ilyasviel in the receding figures of the parent and child.
Emiya Kiritsugu once believed that there was no adaptation in sacrifice. All life was
equal, so evaluate the path that led to a smaller sacrifice was okay. In this manner of
judgment, the lives of women and children do not receive any special treatment.
The Holy Grail could be used to save the world. And Kayneth is a victim that must be
eliminated in order to obtain the Holy Grail. There are a large integer-some people in the Fuyuki

Hyatt hotel, but the Holy Grail could save at least five billion people. Kiritsugu could
completely kill these resident along with Kayneth if there was the necessity to do so.
Then why did he need to set a fire beforehand to cause this disturbance?
In the beginning, he thought that this had been the obvious tactic. Kayneth specifically set
many traps in order to defend against an ambush; as for the tactic against his strategic defense,
this one has definitely make effective results. That prodigy magus held his iron wall as his
pride, but he never thought that the entire mansion would be destroyed so he bide inside.
But, was his real intent really just limited to this?
His sentimental hope that the person tenants would escape in time, is it really showing just
now unconsciously?
This really is a fatal quality. If he was on the battlefield, this sort of sentiment would
definitely lead to his death.
To steady the shaky feelings in his heart, Kiritsugu once again lit a cigarette.
He's degraded. Although he doesn't know how much weaker he is, the Emiya Kiritsugu today
has definitely degraded from the one nine years ago. If this continued then he might not be
able to successfully obtain victory in the Holy Grail War. No matter what, not regenerate the
cold manner of judgment from before is unacceptable-- the faster the better.
The section move by the late -ight incident has at ending begun to commotion. Watching the
crowd gather in the street, Kiritsugu breathe deeply and become out his cellphone to give Maiya
the signal to retreat.
The sound that reached his ears was not the voice of his subordinate, but the make noise of two
metallic entities crash.



The not yet named metallic lookout. Nearing its completion, it's temporarily called the
Fuyuki shopping center's thirty-eighth floor.

The construction is already more than half done, only the exterior left incomplete. This
high-rise building will soon become a shopping center and the symbol of Fuyuki Shinto, but
right now it is only an empty supporting structure of reinforced concrete, buffeted by the strong gales of
the night.
Whether it is the lamp on the ground or the stars in the sky, everything seems distant
and bleak. It is in this void that Hisau Maiya knelt, unmoving, supporting on her shoulder the
AUG assault rifle that had night vision equipped. The muzzle was propped on her upright left
knee.
If magus Kayneth noticed Kiritsugu's plan and escaped from the window, Hisau Maiya who
was waiting here would ambush him. But the result is that this preparation had been
completely unnecessary.
"Maiya, what's the situation there?"
From Hisau Maiya's electro-acoustic transducer came the questioning voice of Kiritsugu on ground destroy.
Having needed both hands to support her rifle, Maiya switched the cellphone to earplug
mode to free her hands.
"Up until the end there was no activity on the thirty-second floor. The victim has not escaped
from the hotel."
Maiya spoke into the electro-acoustic transducer beside her mouth and gave Kiritsugu a brief summary of
her surveillance. Although she has just witnessed a destroy destruction, her voice did not
restrain even a bit of excitement.
Her surveillance assignment here is over. Maiya retrieved the bullets, which had not had a
chance to be of use before the assignment was over, from the gun, put them into a case, and then
slung the assault rifle over her shoulder and stood up to head for the stairs.
At that moment, she noticed a trace of unfamiliarity.
Not a typical unfamiliarity, but a hard-to-detect subtle change of atmosphere. To an
experienced soldier, it is an easy matter to clearly detect this kind of killing intent.
"-- Your senses are sharp, miss."
From behind the now still Maiya came a low, cold male voice. The voice echoed in the empty
building of reinforced concrete, achieve it impossible to determine from whence it came.

Maiya did not respond or ask questions. She only calmly used her sharp intuition to
determine the enemy's location and remove out the 9mm-caliber handgun from her fasten.
As for the other person in this place, the person who discovered Maiya's existence-- no matter
who it is, this reason alone is sufficient for him to become Maiya's victim.
"-- Hmm, it's also nice to have this kind of preparation."
The man earth in the shadows said so in a mocking voice.
At that moment, something was shake at Maiya's feet from the shadow of some shape.
Maiya immediately aimed her gun at the object and after achieve sure it was not dangerous,
she pointed her gun back towards the place where the object was shake from. But even so,
Maiya still used her electronic equipment vision to watch the object that was shake out.
The corpse of a small animal.
A bat. And judging from the CCD camera on the bat's abdomen, this is definitely the bat
familiar Maiya sent out. This is the one that was placed by the Fuyuki church that she had
lost channel with.
Then, without doubt, the one who deliberately shake out the corpse of the bat can only be he.
And the opponent seems to have no interest in concealing himself any longer. Slowly
walking out from behind the pillar where he was hiding, he exposed himself to Maiya's line
of sight and line of fire.
The man in front of him seemed provide with authority and pressure, wearing a pitch black
frock. Maiya distinguish him.
"Kotomine, Kirei..."
"Oh? This should be the first time we've met. So how do you know who I am? Is it perhaps
your precognition?"
Maiya, realizing her mistake, regretted it.
Kirei did not show the slightest bit of discomfort at lie Maiya's gun and continued on
calmly.

"If that's so, then you should definitely know about a lot of other things too, right? This is a
canonical hour location for spying on Fuyuki Hyatt hotel's thirty-second floor; perhaps some very
important person lives there?"
This time it was Maiya's turn to be silent. But her mind was provide with suspicion: as a
Master... Kotomine Kirei should carefully hide himself, so why would he choose to show up
here? What is his real intention?
On the other side, Kirei differ his sight slightly outwards-- landing on the position where
the Fuyuki Hyatt hotel is now a put of rubbish. He stared intently for a while, then heaved a
desire sigh.
"Even so--was it really necessary to destroy the building too? To use this kind of tactics, can
he still be called a magus? Or rather, maybe he shouldn't have been considered a magus to
begin with?"
"..."
This man-- Maiya was suddenly surprised-- he distinguish. He distinguish all about Emiya Kiritsugu.
Just like how Emiya Kiritsugu distinguish Kotomine Kirei.
"Look at me continue on and on here, miss. Why don't you say something-- where is the man
who should be here in your place right now?"
After being asked that, Maiya get a new judgment regarding Kotomine Kirei. This man in
front of him must be killed.
The sound of Maiya's waterway fire touch out. Although the 9mm-caliber called the military bullet
has a good ability to communicate damage, it is still not powerful enough. So in order to effectively
kill the opponent, the key is to measure the abdominal region three times consecutively.
Compared to the small fatal point that can instantly cause death, attacking the position where
it is easy to break even and inflict heavy damage seems more effective. This is the rule of killing by
shooting.
Even so, Maiya's bullets did not strike the body part beneath the frock, but rather the hard
concrete floor.
Even if Kotomine Kirei's evasive actions were of an unbelievable speed, they cannot be faster
than the speed of sound of the bullets. But he determined Maiya's thoughts before she remove
the trigger and acted beforehand. What's amazing is Kotomine Kirei's judgment on tactics.

Predicting the moment of Maiya firing, and thus beg the bullets. Even in the field of
thaumaturgy, this is beyond the ability of the batting average person.
Not only that-In that instant the person who turned to hide was not Kirei but Maiya. Her right hand was
stained with genealogy, and the handgun that was supposed to be clutched in her hand fall to the
ground with a metallic trouble. And her surprise-provide eyes stared at the pillar she had been
propping her back against. The dirge edge that is suddenly redeposit out from that pillar flash
with a cold light.
The thin blade, longer than a meter, get one think of the weapons used in building material; as a
sword the hilt was very short. This is the missile weapon used specifically by the fiduciary
in the Holy Church, called the "Black Key". Just now, this is what cut the back of Maiya's
hand and get her drop her handgun. Kirei had simultaneously thrown this weapon and
avoided the bullet.
Although it is a hand-shake weapon, it had enough power to understand reinforced concrete.
Even so, it only get Maiya drop her gun and did not restrain the intent to take her life. To
use such force on purpose, he probably wants to take away the opponent's weapon and at the
same time destroy her morale. It's best to natural process the other alive-- after all, Maiya had not yet
answered Kirei's question.
"Your movements aren't bad. Very sharp."
Kirei, who's holding the position of initiative after completely cancel the situation of
attack and defense, spoke and walked over leisurely. And once again a Black Key appeared
in his hands. The desire blade of the Black Key is a semi-solid formed by prana, so while
carrying it just holding the small hilt is sufficient. Nobody distinguish exactly how many Black
Building Block are earth under Kirei's loose frock.
The Black Key, as one of the fasten apparatus of the Holy Church's executors, has great
power but is also very difficult to use. Someone who is able to use its power so skillfully
must be a very strong expert. And Maiya seems to have encountered such a rare expert now.
Maiya is not a warrior, only a soldier. So to her there is no combat record worth speech act of,
only the analysis of combat. The combat ability of Kotomine Kirei very obviously surpasses
her own. In this situation where she has no equipment or advantageous terrain or tactics,
permit her defeat is wiser.

"What is it, Maiya? What happened?"
Kiritsugu's voice sounded in the earphones. It seems like the cellphone in her pocket is still
keeping her in contact with Kiritsugu. But-- Maiya now cannot respond. He can hear Maiya's
voice. That horrifying executor's real goal is not Maiya but Kiritsugu. Kirei's judgment that
Maiya was Kiritsugu's subordinate, carrying out every action based on Kiritsugu's
instructions, was test completely here.
"What's wrong? Not calling for help? Emiya Kiritsugu is nearby, right?"
Kirei no longer had a bit of doubt left when he said this name, because he is persuade that
his judgment is correct. If Kiritsugu wants the Holy Grail, then he would definitely act
tonight.
The effect of the curse of Diarmuid's Ge Buidhe is easy to see. They have been dirty into a
very unfavorable situation with one of Saber's arms sealed off while the six remaining
Servants are still in good state. To the Einsbern housing, the most pressing matter is to
destroy the origin of the curse, Lancer, as soon as possible.
So Kirei set up his catch near Kayneth's dwelling, calmly awaiting the arrival of the ambushers.
But in the end he found not Emiya Kiritsugu but someone else. Yet Kotomine Kirei is certain
that this person is acting based on Kiritsugu's instructions. So this woman he is lie right
now is definitely the key to finding Emiya Kiritsugu.
He can't kill her; it's best to natural process her alive. As desire as he can make her conversation, it's fine.
Even if he had to ruin her arms and legs.
After achieve a cruel judgment in his heart, Kotomine Kirei approached the woman's hiding
place slowly. The opponent should be deprive. The already disassembled assault rifle cannot
be assemble quick enough, and the dropped pistol is far away. This match has already
been decided.
But what stopped Kotomine Kirei was an difficulty beyond his expectations.
Suddenly a change of white breathing appeared between him and the animal, completely hide
his vision, and with it an irritating smell of material reactions rushed into his naris.
"Screen!?"

What suddenly appeared in front of Kotomine Kirei was a smokescreen released by a
military-use breathing spacing bomb.
And in that instant when Kirei's sight was reduce by the smokescreen, Maiya escaped with
motion.
Although Kotomine Kirei shake a Black Key in the direction of the noise, he did not break even the
victim. The instinct of an executor who's been through countless battles told him that he could
not move carelessly in the current predicament.
Kotomine Kirei held Black Keys in both hands, not daring to let his guard down the slightest,
and surveyed his surroundings while waiting for the breathing to disperse. In this building
exposed to strong travel, the thick breathing only become several seconds to live-- but, that
woman managed to escape in these mere seconds.
Only he was left. Realizing he was the only person left in this empty building, Kirei grunted
and put away his Black Keys. He did not have any intention of pursuit.
Kirei remove up the breathing spacing bomb, now empty of all breathing, from the ground and
began to inspect it. It's an Inhabitant bomb model. There isn't anything special about it; it's
simply something that anyone can get if they had the right connections.
It wasn't shake by that woman, because if he had found that she had moved in the slightest
then he would've thrown a Black Key to stop her. This had been shake in front of him by
someone else to help that woman escape.
Of gathering, there shouldn't be anyone else inside this building. If that's the case, then the
breathing grenade should have been shake in from outside the building.
Kirei walked to the edge of the building-- ignoring the wind pull at his frock-- and looked
down.
Around the rubbish of the former Fuyuki Hyatt hotel, there aren't any buildings that can stand
shoulder to shoulder with this one. The distance from ground destroy to this position is at least a
hundred and fifty metric linear unit. It'd be hard to aim at this position precisely even with a desire range
weapon. Not to mention a hand shake breathing grenade. It's a cosmic farce for someone to fling
that up from ground destroy.
But Kirei was, after all, an executor who has capture many strange magi before. He was
already thoroughly used to lie enemies who were beyond common sense. To him, this
destroy of strangeness didn't have anything that was worth being surprised over.

Somewhere below him existed the magus who stopped him.
As desire as this was confirmed, then he has gained something tonight.
At the same time, Kirei felt the breath of the strange influence concealed beside him.
"Assassin?"
"Yes, it is me."
Assassin, who was sporting a desire pitch-black ball gown, materialized kneeling in front of Kirei.
This Assassin is one among the three who were spying on Irisviel and Saber in the forest,
who had been charged to bring over the obtained information.
"Didn't I tell you not to materialize indoors?"
"I'm terribly sorry, but I have very urgent things to report..."

-large integer:09:25
After a night of continuous deadly fights, a streak of white light gradually appeared at the
eastern sky. At this moment Kirei was using the magical communicator to establish a
relation with the Tsaka mansion in the Miyami district. He and his father Kotomine Risei
were preparing to call for an emergency strategy meeting.
Huh? Can we really trace Casters trail immediately now?
Tokiomis satisfaction and praise were revealed through his voice. Kirei and Assassins
venture had finally make the results he wanted. Although his servant was still a tricky
problem, his printer's devil side had progressed very smoothly.
Our opponent is really the Heroic Spirit of a magus. Despite being an Assassin, it was still
tough for him to enter their workshop unnoticed. But now we are sure of the resemble
position of the enemy. Currently Assassin is carrying out close surveillance at the boundary

of the area. Once Caster appears out of his workshop, his activities can be known
immediately.
Which is to say that Caster did not stay within his workshop, and is actively operating
outside?
Yes. Thats because
Resemble Tokiomis reaction when he delivered the report ending time, Kirei hesitated slightly.
Caster and his masters actions might give rise to grave result.
Both of them went to the city beside Miyami town and captured the sleeping children
back to their workshop. Until afternoon appears, they had understand 15 of them. Though most
calculation were carried out smoothly, the parents of 3 children discovered them and a
effort prove. Eventually, the two killed the entire family.
Able to clearly feel Tokiomis fury, Kirei continued promptly before he administer to reply.
Caster uses magecraft unhesitatingly, and he does not even clean and order up the place after
it. Now, under my fathers instructions, person from the Holy Church are empty the traces
they left behind at the scene. howeverim afraid that even after today, Caster and his
Masters behavior will not change in any way.
What on earth are they thinking! What type of person is that jerk? The Master of that
Caster.
According to Assassin who eavesdropped their conversations, before summoning Caster,
that Master had already been carrying out similar murders like this. Though we cant be sure
yet, this mock is apparently the same person as the wanted serial killer.

Tokiomi breathed heavily in anger.
Since this month, news of the mysterious serial killer- The Demon of Fuyuki City, had been
continuously reported. Using brutal methods rarely seen within these few years, he was
related to 4 murder incidents in the city. Worst still, in the ending case, it was said that he had
killed all the family members in their sleep - an extremely savage killer. The police of Fuyuki
city had set up a special task force which had gathered the police force from the neighboring
section to crack the case quickly. Nevertheless, there had been no progress at all; they were
still at the stage where they cannot even determine the facial features of the suspect.

For Tokiomi, for such a serious thing to happen during Heavens Feel was indeed a headache.
This should be the same for all Masters. The Heavens Feel must be carried out in secret.
This is a solemn rule for all person. Someone who drew so much attention to this place
would not be accept.
Actually, all the magi were responsible to guard the noble creed. Whoever he is, nobody
would expose magecraft to the common people. Everyone investigate their magecraft
underground; those who failed to guard this secret would be put to death promptly by the
Association. As desire as something is related to the secrecy of magecraft, the Magus
Association was firm and thorough in managing it. That is why this matter always get the
magis genealogy run cold.
Let say there was a magus who appear at the supply of the district news almost daily;
and that this Master is his Servants puppet- this had to be a critically warn situation.
About these two, did you obtain any detailed information, reports, or something like that?
From how they call each other, we can gather that the Masters name is Ryuunosuke,
while Caster is known as Bluebeard.
Bluebeard? Then Casters real sameness has to be Count Gilles de Rais, isnt it?
Possible. This person was very famous in alchemy and black magic."
From the point of view of his fame as a legend, it is not surprising that he is summoned by
the Holy Grail as a Servant. It's just that his characteristics are totally different from a Heroic
Spirit. It is more fitting for him to be known as vengeful spirit instead.
From their conversations, as a Master, Ryuunosuke does not have any prior knowledge
about Heavens Feel. Putting that aside, he doesnt even have the self-consciousness of a
magus.
This is quite possible. Under accidental situations, it is possible for someone without any
magecraft teaching to make a contract with the summoned Servant That Master will be the
Servants puppet.
But, that is...
Recalling what he had heard through Assassins ears, Kirei continued:

No matter what, Casters words and actions are beyond the boundary of normal
involvement. He keeps saying things like the Holy Grail is already his; must save
Jeanne darc - things that do not make sense at all.
As if trying to orifice out all the anger in his heart in a single breath, Tokiomi let out a deep
sigh.
A Servant that is rampaging around due to his mental disturbance and a Master who is
totally helpless at the situation? Why on earth did the Holy Grail choose such motion?
Servants attacking human equate- this itself is nothing abnormal. For spiritual equate who
promote on prana to exist, Servants do not just acquire prana gentrification from their Masters. They
can also obtain energy by drink in the spirit of human equate. Masters who are incapable
of providing sufficient prana to their Servants may use sacrificial ceremonies to make up for
the inadequate prana.
Even in this Heavens Feel, cases like offering sacrifices were still within Tokiomis
expectations. This is something without blame. Magi themselves are already existences
beyond common rules. They can treat motivation and usual preception of right and wrong. If
they have to sacrifice person people, as desire as it is covertly and secretly done, silent
acceptance is given.
But reckless murders like this which create such a huge commotion - this behavior is never
allowed.
You cannot let this matter run wild, right? Tokiomi-kun.
With a annoy look, Father Risei cut in.
Caster and his Masters actions have clearly obstructed the progress of the Heavens Feel.
This is against the rules.
Of gathering. As someone whose former job was to guard the secrecy of magecraft, I will not
let them off.
For generations, the Tsaka family had always been the secret guardian of the area of Fuyuki
city. Managing the laylines of this land and monitoring any abnormal occurrence here - this is
the responsibility entrusted to them by the Magus Association. This is also the reason, as one
of the three initiate families, the Tsakas offered this place under their watch as the stage
for the Heavens Feel.

As a Master whose goal is to acquire the Holy Grail and also as the guardian of this land,
Tokiomi really has to stop Casters actions.
Im afraid they are also behind the continual termination of the children after the 4
murder cases.
Kirei reported his views dryly.
There only large integer children reported missing. If we take the situation of this mornings
surveillance into account, and if we include the extra ones they captured, the grammatical category of
missing children will be at least 30. Their actions will only increase, Im afraid. Father, we
have to stop them as soon as possible.
Yeah. It is already beyond the extent where inform and social control are effective. The
only way left is to destroy Caster and his Master.
But the problem is that to try a Servant, we have to rely on a fellow Servant. However, my
Assassin cannot take any action.
Kireis remarks really get sense. Assassins purpose was to specifically carry out
clandestine create by mental act, and how can he be allowed to show up again so quickly?
Father Risei contemplated this in silence for a while. To Tokiomi, he suggested:
It is within my district as a supervisor to accelerate the rules slightly. What if we put the
effort for the Holy Grail aside first? We gathering all the other Masters to go against Caster.
How about it?
Huh? Thenwhat do you have in mind, Father?
I can provide certain help which would assist the one who manage to eradicate Casters
Master, in their future battles. The result of having the entire Heavens Feel break because
of Casters flatfish rampage I doubt the other Masters would want it to happen too.
Oh I see. Change the objective of this game to hunting. Is that right?
Taking the Servant whose hand was injured in yesterday nights haphazard try into
consideration, none of the Servants were killed yet. So if everyone hours their targets to
Caster, his life would be hanging by a rib. Just like a fall candle in a cyclone,
Caster's fate is ready to be destroy any moment.

But the state of awarding payment to the one who defeats casterwill it make noise on
letter instead? Will it eventually prevent letter from obtaining the Holy Grail?
Smiling, Father Risei replied.
Of gathering it is not good for someone else to acquire the benefits. But the only one who could
deliver the final blow to Caster, turn by the hounds, would be Archer.
I see. Thats obvious.
As desire as Kireis Assassin is present, it will be all too easy to change the time accurately so
that Archer delivers the finishing blow. Although the rules were edit now, the Tsaka
triteness battle tactics and skills were still unchanged.
Then quickly prepare to gather the other Masters.
After he decided what to do, Father Risei make up and left the underground chamber. Just as
Kirei was about to stand up, he was prevent by Tokiomi.
Oh yes, Kirei-kun. I heard that you left the Fuyuki Church to do something on your own
yesterday night.
Kirei had already anticipated Tokiomis question. On the surface, Tokiomis apprentice had
already been defeated in this Heavens Feel, and was currently seeking protection from the
church. So he shouldn't be doing anything at all.
I am very sorry. I know this is very risky too, but I had discovered a spy in the vicinity of
the church. So I had to do something about it-
Spy? Is its victim you, whos a part of the Church?
Tokiomi sounded much stricter.
Please dont worry about it. I have already destroyed the spy. No secret will be leaked out,
answered Kirei in a breezy voice.
Kirei surprised even himself at his ease in lying straight at his Masters face.
Why didnt you use your Servant?
I feel that this is something trivial. Assassin is not required.

After a moment of silence, Tokiomi explain, slightly unhappily.
You really are a highly-skilled Executor, and I also know you have high confidence in
your ability. But based on the current situation, arent you careless in these actions of yours?
Youre right. Ill tread carefully next time.
Kirei lied again.
From now onwards, Kirei would probably go into the battlefield a few more times to trace
Emiya Kiritsugus trail, until he finds him.
Kirei waited until the communicator was in carry through silence before leaving the underground
chamber.
Just as Kirei opened the door of his room in the first floor of the house, he sensed a
disharmony as if he had just walked into a wrong room.
It was neither the change of scent nor the change in temperature of the room. Overall, he felt
a great change in the overall feel of the room. The plain room of his had suddenly emanated a
luxurious and elegant feeling as if it is a alcazar.
There was no difference in the mounting and burn of the room. The only difference was a
man who is sitting on the bench in the middle of the room, totally ignorant of everyone else.
This intruder, who become over someone railway room with no reason, is someone that surprised
Kirei a little. Shock, Kirei frowned.
Archer?
With golden hair standing upright as if its burning and a pair of red-red eyes, this man in
front of him was none other than Tsaka Tokiomis Servant, the King of Heroes, Gilgamesh.
However, instead of wearing his original golden armor, this Heroic Spirit was donned in a
modern match-up of a leather jacket with coat and fashionable leather pants.
Since he was summoned, this Servant had been wondering around carelessly with his ability
of Independent Action. But, getting tired of parading himself in his spirit influence, Archer
decided to dress himself in playing attire to take on physical influence on a whim while having a
stroll in the streets at night. Although he had heard of Archers idiotic deeds from Tokiomi,
Kirei had never imagined that Archer would appear in his room.

Apparently, Archer was not ashamed at all at inflict other group anechoic chamber. Putting that
aside, he had even casually removed a bottle of red wine from the cupboard and had supply
himself a cup. Elegantly, Archer drink the wine.
Despite being few in grammatical category, compared to Tokiomis collection, yours is more high-class.
What a presumptuous apprentice.

Still in the dark about the reason for Archers visit, Kirei looked at the row of empty wine
store on the table.
Looks like Archer had tasted all Kireis earth wine.
Although it is initially surprising, if one think about it, he would find nothing strange.
Kirei has this habit that, once he pick up of a wine of extraordinary quality, he would acquisition
it immediately.
The study of wine is actually a deep world without any extent if you request to pursue it.
Wine can fill the emptiness of ones heart through its taste. When you are feeling hollow
inside, getting drunk with alcohol is not a bad idea too.
Walking in the passage-de-sac, Kirei thought about these ideas, half-seriously.
Nevertheless, hitherto, he had never tried wine even once. All he did was to increase to
grammatical category of delicious regale. Kirei did not even think of serving it to his visitor.
As for this drunkard who casually food others earth wine, no matter how much he measure
it, Kirei did not have any welcoming asana towards him.
What do you want?
Lie this dampen question, Archer lifted up his wine insert and gazed meaningfully at Kirei.
Looks like the ones who are bored arent just limited to me alone.
Bored?
Hearing this reply, Kirei realized the meaning behind those words instantly.

Apparently, this heroic spirit had known what evaporate ending night- Kirei disobeying
Tokiomis orders to stay put, and venturing out alone- although Kirei was not sure since
when Archer knew about it.
Whats wrong, Kirei? Are you also feeling unsatisfied with only obeying Tokiomis
commands?
So, are you still unhappy with your contract now, Gilgamesh?
Evading Archers question, Kirei asked back in a annoy tone. Although he is the mystical
King of Heroes, Kirei did not see him as someone to be feared. In spite of Tokiomis views,
a Servant is still a servant. No matter who this Heroic Spirit is, he is still Servant Archer, an
existence belonging to Tokiomi. Analyze him to Kirei who is Tokiomis apprentice, their
status is about the same. There is no need to worry too much about him.
Archer did not mind this asana of his. He merely snorted, and become another swallow of wine.
The one who summoned me here and has been providing me with prana is Tokiomi. So no
matter what, I still have to treat him with servant-like protocol.
After this surprising declaration, a sliver of melancholic haze appear in Gilgameshs red
irises.
But frankly speaking, he is really a boring man, completely devoid of any interesting
aspects.
These words should not come from you, a Servant.
From his astonished heart, Kirei felt a dismiss surge of anger at Archers rude remark towards
his master. At the same time, he felt that he had a rough idea as to why Archer came to visit
him. In this mored relaxed atmosphere, Kirei had slowly accepted the presence of Archer in
his room.
Are they really that mundane? Tokiomi-shis orders.
Huh Really meaningless. Wanting to achieve the omnipotent, request-forgive device,
Akasha? What a pointless request.
The only thing every magus desire for even in their dreams; Archer laughed it off just like
that. But Kirei was able to empathize with him.

The desire desire for the root is something every magus has. Bystanders would not be
able to comprehend it.
If that is so, you are one of the bystanders too, Kirei. As far as I know, before this, your
position is one which act the magi, right?
Archer had seemingly heard about Kireis complicated stand. Although he always wears an
air of pride, his ability to gather information is amazingly sharp.
Kirei folded his arms, deep in thought. Instead of Tsaka Tokiomis apprentice, if he looks at
things from the view point of the representative of the Assembly of the 8th Sacrament, what
is the purpose of Tokiomis Heavens Feel?
..The path leading to the root can be said to lead to the outside of the world. Which is
to say, it will not bring any effect to the inside, which is this world. For the Church, which
only adjust on the inside, the magis pursuit is downright pointless. We can only take their
action as a meaningless plan.
Oh I see. Looks like I am only interested in things related to this universe, which is also my
garden.
Speaking as if he owns the universehaving such a haughty asana really adapt his status as
the King of Heroes.
I am not interested in the region that cannot be test by me. Thats why I dont care
about this root thingy at all.
Kirei smiled bitterly. In other words, this Archers stand goes against all the other magi. That
is why it is reasonable for Tsaka Tokiomi, a typical magus, to feel helpless at someone like
Archer.
If the Holy Grail of Fuyuki City is only a special device which request the root, no matter
how violently the magi try for it, I think the Holy Church would just treat them.
Unfortunately, the ability for the Holy Grail to realize wishes is omnipotent. It has
unlimited, mysterious power to change even the inside of the world. If such a great power
were to fall into wrong hands, it will become an existence which bode our belief. This is
the reason the Holy Church chose Tsaka. Instead of ignoring this matter and let the grail fall
into wrong hands, it is better if it is wasted on a boring, meaningless request But I have a
feeling that my father has other resoluteness in the beginning.

What you mean is, the other Masters try for the Holy Grail for reasons different from
Tokiomis?
Kirei nodded his head in response to Archers questioning.
While Tokiomi is a typical content of a magus, he is also one of the most
right-travel. In this era, people who pursue pure magecraft like he does no longer exist. All
the other guys are pursuing the enable of mundane gold. Standing, desires, power all these
are wishes that can be fulfilled within the world. Isnt this great? These are all my
favorite things.
You are but the king who govern over these uncouth ones, Gilgamesh.
Refusing to reply, Archer merely laughed and finished his delicious wine in a single swallow. At
Kireis apparent evaluation, he did not feel hurt at all.
Then what about you? Kirei, what request do you want to fulfill by getting your hands on the
Holy Grail?
At such a direct question, for the first time, Kirei hesitated.
I
Indeed. This is the most fundamental question of all. Why are the Military Unit Seals engraved
on Kotomine Kireis left hands?
Artificial Language not have any special request.
At his vague reply, Archers red pupils emanated a coquettish glow.
How can that be possible? I thought the Holy Grail only summons those with wishes?
It should be like that. buti am not sure of the reason too. Why would the Holy Grail
choose me? Someone without any ideals to accomplish; someone without any addiction to
fulfill Why am I chosen?
Is this something worth such frustration?
Noticing his heavy look, Archer could not help but to laugh loudly.
If it is not for any desire or ideal, wont merely seeking pleasure be enough?

Damn you!
Kireis fury is basically created unconsciously.
You want me, a follower of God, to seek choice? How can I commit such a sinful act
which would cause me to be denounce?
Sinful act? Condemned?
Looking at the serious expressive style of Kirei's, Archer felt more meaning to those words.
Without bearing any good nature, Archer laughed at him.
Huh. That was a leap in common sense, Kirei. Why did you variable pleasure and transgression?
Thats because
Kirei could not reply. And Kirei was also unsure how he ended up in such an awkward
situation, something he had never experienced before.
At Kireis silence, Archer became increasingly full of himself and explain.
Acquiring pleasures through transgression is actually wrong. But humans do acquire happiness
through virtuous means. If you say that pleasure in itself is sinful, does it make sense at all?
Such an elementary question, yet why was he struggling to reply? The reason perplex Kirei.
He felt as if a nonchalant unease was locked in an unknown territory deep within his heart.
What pleasures? I do not even have them. Thats why I will not seek it.
Finally opening his mouth, Kirei answered in a voice unlike him at all, unsure and hesitatingas if he could not find the answer and simply came up with some sentence to deal with it.
Archer analyze him, then jump out in laughter.
Kotomine Kirei, suddenly I have a new-found interest in you.
What do you mean?
Im just kidding. Dont mind me.
Run himself a new cup of red wine, he leaned back on the sofa, speaking loudly.

Happiness is fundamentally a part of the human soul. There isnt any yes and no
difference. It is just whether you are aware or not aware of it. Kirei, you had only failed to
find it from the extent of your heart. To experience happiness, that is the first thing to do.
Mind you own accountancy, Servant. Trying to teach me
This is no ordinary content. It is gained by a king from experiencing all the indulgence and
pleasures of the world. Listen carefully.
Despite saying that, Kirei was actually meticulously treat everything Archer said.
For some reasons, those haughty words sent shockwaves to his nerves.
Kirei. First of all, you have to understand something about this thing called entertainment.
Entertainment?
U-huh. Choose your views to only the inside is not the right way. You must broaden your
horizonoh yeah. Lets start by letting you experience my beguilement. How does that
sound?
For the me right now, there is no such thing as time for entertainment.
I am different from you, Kirei thought silently.
Hey, dont say something like that. After succeed Tokiomis tasks, you will have lots
of time, eh? You duty is to report spies to monitor the movements of the other five Masters,
right?
You are correct.
In that case, you shouldnt just understand their intentions and battle plan of action. How about
finding out their reasons for seeking the Holy Grail and letting me know about them? Thats
not something too hard for you, right?
Indeed, this type of investigation did not differ much from the assignment Tokiomi gave
him.
Assassin, who observed the everyday life of its victim, could easily record their conversations.
By analyzing the content of the talk, the reason they sought the Holy Grail could then
be elicit easily. All he had to do is just to ask Assassin to be extra attention to this type of
conversation.

But Archer, why do you want to know such things?
I mentioned it before, right? I am interested in the action of human equate. And among
those who try for the Holy Grail, there has to be one or two interesting Masters, right? At
least more interesting than Tokiomi.
Kirei tried to cool his head and think rationally. He had only regarded Emiya Kiritsugu with
interest, completely ignoring the rest. Besides, he did not have any personal relation to agree to
Archers request. However, if he could have some influence over this Servant who was
completely out of Tokiomis control, maybe it would bring some positive effects to the
Tokiomi camp in the future.
Okay, Archer. I promise you. But this will take some time.
No problem at all. I have the patience to wait.
After finishing the red wine again, Archer rose from the couch. His movements caused not
only the air to shake/craftsman slightly; the glow within the room swing/change with him
as well. This Heroic Spirit who controlled all the natural object of the earth seemed to emit an
invisible radiance from his entire body.
Ah, I will come again to taste your delicious wine. You collection can even rival the
heavenly wines. To leave them gathering dust in a brother storeroom is such a waste.
Expressionless, Kirei neither agreed nor be. Maybe Archer become his silence as permission.
Wearing a satisfied smile, he left the room.
Right after Archer left, the majestic atmosphere left the room too; change it, the mundane
atmosphere of the room.
Finally alone, Kirei started to think on the strange conversation he had with the strange
visitor.
It was the first time he had a one-to-one conversation with Archer.
Come to think of it, be it Servants or Masters, all of them try with all they have in this
Heavens Feel to fulfill certain wishes- save that uncontrollable King of Heroes who is
apparently not interested in the Holy Grail at all. Amongst the Servants gathered in Fuyuki
city, he had to be the one with the least will to try. From this point of view, it looks like he
shared the same sentiment with Kirei - he had to be the only Master who jump in the
Heavens Feel without any reason.

No, maybe the reason still existed, just that Kirei hadnt discovered it yet. There had to be a
desire desire for the Holy Grail to achieve certain miracles, maybe somewhere deep within
his heart.
Nevertheless, this is definitely not the happiness Archer tell about.
The one who knew the answer was not Archer; it is someone else.
The person in question is Emiya Kiritsugu. Everything would have been solved if the
conversation just now could instead be between him and Emiya Kiritsugu, Kirei thought.
Of gathering their positions were completely different. Thus they would have cover using
their weapons instead of their words. But it is still alright if that is the case, since Kirei had
only wanted to try with this person called Emiya Kiritsugu; a conversation between men.
As these thoughts played in his mind, Kirei remove up the empty wine bottles shake away by
Archer.

-140:41:54
At the scene of the collapsed Fuyuki Hyatt hotel, the save team was excavation frantically
throughout the night.
After the effect of Kiritsugus magecraft was lost, the medical evacuation personnels discovered that
there were still two vips in the building when it collapsed.
Because they were on the top floor of the hotel when the incident happened, save workers
lost all hopes at finding them alive. Still, their bodies had to be found before they express in the
bath towel completely. Under the daylight-bright mobilite, save workers quickly succeed the
rubbles at the scene using machine.
At the dawn of the following day, the save team that toiled throughout the night was
exhausted. At this moment, something strange happened.
You said you found something strange?
This was followed by the electronic communication arrival of the supervisor of the save team to the scene.
According to the workers, they found a silver sphere of about 3 metric linear unit in diameter amongst

the rubbish. No matter how they catechize it, it did not look like part of the building artifact
at all. Out of nowhere, it had just appeared suddenly in the midst of the rubbles.
Is this from the building? One of the award of the circle building on the top
floor?
Even if that is the case, this thing is perfectly undamaged. Isnt that weird?
At closer observation, its surface did indeed have no signs of damage at all. Reflecting bright
light just like a mirror, it looks like it had just been polished.
Whydoes it look like mercury?
The bewildered chief declared his thoughts as he laid his hands on the surface of the sphere.
At the first contact, surprisingly the sphere move inwards.
?
As the astonished chief looked at it in further look, he realized that he did not machine
inwards- he had merely touched it.
Chief?

Not noticing anything strange, the nearby save workers wore a puzzled expressive style and
looked at their astounded-looking chief.
Did anything happen?
we have to remove this thing from this place.
Huh?
Use the motor vehicle to transport it away. Hurry.
Suddenly, the chief became unusually composed. In a calm voice he instructed the workers to
work swiftly.

Though the workers were still slightly confuse, they knew that the object of unknown birthplace
before their eyes should be removed from the scene immediately. So they promptly heaved
the silver sphere up to the support in the truck.
Huh? Wheres the chief?
A member abruptly noticed that the chief, who was just administer them seconds ago, had
disappeared. And from behind the backs of the busy save workers, the sound of an engine
starting could be heard.
At the worker seat of the truck, slowly driving the truck away from the scene, is the
expressionless chief of save workers. But when the save workers noticed this, it was
already too late. The truck which carried the silver sphere had vanished among the streets in
the dawn light.
Five hours later, at the outskirts of the city, a police patrol discovered the lost truck, with the
chief still sitting at the drivers seat, unconscious. However, the truck which please the
silver sphere on its shelves was now only left with an empty husk.





Excuse me? Is this Mackenzies house?
Yeah. This is the name of the owner of this house.
Then, who is..Sir King of Conquerors Alexander?
I am he.
Ah, ah. Err I see. Ah, hahaah. Then can you sign over here?
Sign? Alrightdone!
Thank you very much. So-sorry for act.

Hmm. No problem at all.
At the second-floor bedroom of Glen Mackenzies house he was so accustomed to stop as
if it is his own house, Waver Velvet bring to up from his dreams.
The sun had fully risen. Treating the day as a holiday, he lay idly on the bed, refusing to get
up. So it shouldnt ill health if I lie about like this, right?
Everything that had happened until now was just like a dream. That unequalled, tragic death
match and destruction.
But the engraved Military Unit Seals on the back of his left hand reminded Waver that this
wasnt a dream.
As Riders Master, Waver had witnessed the fierce battle between the five Servants yesterday
night - this is an undeniable fact.
At that moment, for the first time in his life, this youth entered into the battlefield; for the first
time, weaving in between life and death.
Trepidation, horror; he had never felt them so strongly before.
However, what was left in his heart at this momentwasnt fear-related emotions. Instead,
impulses full of delight and excitement surged up in his heart.
Waver did not have any accomplishment yesterday night- every action was decided by
Alexander, alone. As a Master he had only stood beside his Servant, witnessing everything
from the side. Worse still, he fainted at the climax of the battle, rendering him unable to catch
the final result of the try.
Nevertheless, Waver still felt that it was a very meaningful battle. The things and values he
obtained from it, looks like only he understood them.
not daring enough to even show up before me, cur; you are not fit to be my opponent
at all
These words were used to insult Lancers Master. Lord El-Melloi, someone Waver hated and
feared, was laughed at by Rider as a cur.
But the valor Rider held with pride was merely rash idiocy in Voice eyes. If he had been
the one who planned the battle strategy, he would let his Servant structure swords in the

battlefield, whilst as a Master, he would hide himself behind the curtain to observe the
progress of the combat- which is the same tactic as Kayneth. This is what is called as proper
battle tactics.
But
the man who is most befitting to be my Master must be a valiant one who supply into the
battlefield together with me
Of gathering Waver wasnt the type of person who can charge into the enemy beside Rider.
Hiding beside the bridge, he was actually so frighten that he travel into the transport,
wanting to escape immediately. However, this reaction had been mistaken as an act of valor.
Nonetheless, at this time these things needed not to be travel further.
No matter what his reasons were, Waver could still clearly remember the feeling of Riders
hand on his shoulder - so broad, so strong.
Yes. This type of person IS my Master. Rider had really said that to him.
Compared to Lord El-Melloi- the prodigy, famous lecturer, someone to whom Waver cannot
feel a candle at one time, Waver was way leader then.
His value was finally authorize- come to think of it, this was the first time someone
acknowledged his ability.
Although praises and defamation are but meaningless things, for this youth who had never been
measure by anyone before, being measure by someone else was really elate.
That is why Waver was on seventh region right now. No matter how he tried, he could not
restrain his excitement.
Although his Servant did not treat him with the politeness request by a Master and had
always called Waver by his first name, yet, no matter how disrespectful this obstinate was,
Waver should at least feel grateful towards him now. After all, Rider was the first one to
value him.

Tortured by his complicated thoughts, Waver cram his head under the covers. From today
onwards, what type of asana should he engage when he happening that giant Servant of his?

At this moment, suddenly Waver realized that the usual snores beside his ears in the
mornings were absent.
Waver lifted his head from the covers and found out that, Rider who usually time period on the bed,
was not there. For someone who abhorred spiritual influence, he would not simply cancel his
physical influence and mutate to spiritual influence without any good reason. Besides, even if he had
dematerialized, as his Servant, it is impossible for Waver not to feel any of his presence at all.
So there is only one possibility- Rider was not in the house.
Waver started to think calmly. He had overslept this morning, so it was not unusual for Rider
to rise earlier than him.
However, the problem at hand is that Rider was not within the house, which meant that Rider
went to other sing alone without Voice permissionfrom the stairs of the corridor, step could be heard average up the stairs.
From these heavy footsteps, Waver could tell that it was Rider, thus feeling slightly relieved.
However, recognizing the meaning of such heavy footsteps, Waver befriend immediately.
Oh, so you are change state, eh? Kiddo.
Riders voice was accompanied by his huge torso which appeared at the door. And regarding
the thick suit of armor he was wearing Though Waver had communicate used to the weird
event, he still found it to be an alien and unimaginable thing. If this extremely strange
sight were to be seen by the Mackenzie couple, he feared that the hypnosis he throw on them
would be negate very quickly.
Therefore, Waver had, with some difficulty, managed to persuade the Servant who downright
refused to dematerialize, to stay at the first floor and not moving around as he liked Of
gathering, that was the case, until this morning.
Youwent downstairs dressed like this?
Dont be scared, okay? The old couple of this house had left early in the morning. So there
are only two of letter now. I went downstairs to receive the express birth package.
Looks like Rider also knew to try his best not to be seen by the Mackenzie couple. Waver,
who make slightly relieved at this, suddenly noticed something amiss. Nervously, he auscultate
Rider from head to toe.

In the hands of the giant was a small package with the express delivery declare on it.
So you went to the main entrance in this costume?
I have no choice what. We cannot send the delivery man away without showing any
gratitude, right?
It was already too late.
But luckily he was not noticed by anyone stop nearby, only by the deliveryman who comes
occasionally to deliver parcels. In spite of that, it was very likely for the statement to spread from
the postman, saying something like there was a warrior in Greek armor in this house. All he
could do was to pray that people would treat his words as a prank.
Say, this isnt even your parcel, so you dont have to express your gratitude, right?
Huh? No. It is my parcel.
What!?
Showing off, Rider let Waver see the parcel- Fuyuki Town Miyami District, 228 Mackenzie
Residence. To the King of Conquerors Alexander. This preposterous content was openly
show on the post communicate. On the Authority article, the words Elaborate in Transact
Character Common Good: Animan Bar Nanbo Course.
What is this? Rider, explain.
I am just trying out this mail-order thingy. There were quite a lot of consequence which understand
my attention on the advertisement section of World Military Monthly.
Eh? Mail-order?
When he thought of it, Waver finally understood why Rider further requested for a card
when he asked Waver to buy military magazines and recording strip. At that time, Waver
hadnt the faintest idea what the postcard was for No, it should be that Waver did not even
considered it.
I said, where on earth did you learn mail-order from?
Although Heroic Spirits can obtain knowledge from the Feel Grail, it would not have been to
the extent of learning how to use mail-order. Waver was very reluctant to believe these were
all true.

Huh? This type of detail, didnt they explain it clearly at the back of the magazine and the
recording tapes? Just look at it for a while and youll understand.
When did you see those advertisementshuh? Where did you get the money for the
mail-order?
Dont worry. I have already paid in full.
Laughing cheerfully, Rider returned Voice wallet to him. Apparently, he had move his
Masters wallet without approval while he was sleeping.
This man is so nave that he had even wanted to buy an invisible bomber; no one would know
what expensive merchandise he had get this time. Disgust, Waver become out his wallet
and checked the sum of money inside, whilst holding back his tears.
After checking, he realized that the grammatical category of 10 000 yen notes inside bide unchanged;
just that a few large integer yen notes were missing. Waver heaved a huge sigh of relief. Because
he had collapsed in relief, Voice fury at Rider for taking his wallet without approval had
diminished.
This juvenile was not even aware of his helplessness: Is he considered lucky or unlucky?
As for Rider, he was beside Waver, sound a tone while opening the parcel happily.
Hoho!
He shouted in emotion after opening it.
Not bad! Not bad! I like it very much. The real product looks even nicer than the one in the
record.
A T-shirt?
Rider removed an XL sized T-shirt from the parcel. No matter how Waver looked at it, it
looked just like another miser product. At the front part of the shirt, an eye-catching
logo was imprinted on top of the world map - "The Nymphalid Great Tactics". It looked like
one of those products from the scheme part create verbally in on the front attendant of the special
type of the magazine.
It is really not bad. After I noticed Saber yesterday night, I had a sudden inspiration too. If I
wear peer styled cover when I go to the streets, you wouldnt mind, right?

Voice Heroic Spirit abhorred spiritual influence and strongly preferred his physical influence.
Although Waver had headaches over this matter, the silver lining was that at least Rider did
not think of going for window shopping in the streets. Now he is in deep trouble. Waver was
angry to the extent of wanting to curse Saber (who gave Rider such an idea) and her Master
to death.
Meanwhile, Rider had tried on his new shirt and was displaying various poses, drawing
simple happiness from it.
Wahaha! Just like what I wanted- the effect of having the whole world on my chest. Haha!
Really persuade me feel happy.
ah, ahh. Yeah, yeah.
What if he continued to cover his head and sleep over it? If he did so, he would rusticate the
view of this stimulate Rider, wearing a T-shirt from his sight; and to escape back to gentle sleep.
Currently, this is the best idea Waver could think of. When he gets up again next time, the
world would be a better place, right?
Such a provoke notion had to be leave as Waver thought of what Rider would do next.
Hey Rider, wait. I said, wait!
Noticing that Rider was about act out of the house, the nervous Waver stopped him
immediately.
Where are you going?
Do you have to ask that? To the streets, of gathering. To show those rustic the new look of
the almighty King of Conquerors.
To wear only a T-shirt amidst the cold wind in November was already abnormal enough. To
top it off, his valiant body was only covered in a T-shirt, nothing else.
At least wear bellbottom trousers before you go out!
Huh? That thing that proceeding you to gait? Oh yeah. Come to think of it, everyone in this
country wears that thing.
Looking slightly troubled, the cook giant who did not even wear underpants held his
forehead with his fist, whilst asking Waver seriously:

Do I really have to wear that?
That is a must.
Although he had not washed his face yet, Voice temporary state had gone up in a gust of breathing.
This inconsiderate, ignorant-to-common-sense muscular idiot whos as lacking in manners as
a eastern lowland gorilla Once Waver thought of the countless reserve account he had get for him, he could
not help but to get angry.
Let me get this clear. I will not go to the streets to get caretaker big-sized pants just for you. Ill
definitely not go.
What didya say?
With an make look, Rider stared at Waver. But Waver would not give in this time - he
had set his predetermination with an iron-hard will.
Hey criminal, are you going against my majestic arrival?
Your majestic achievements and your trousers are two completely irrelevant things! Before
you go out to enjoy yourself, show me what you can! Kill at least one of the opponents
Servants!
Eh? You are quite an impatient fellow. You can move a Servant in a combat anytime you
want, you know.
So do it now! Kill at least one of them! If you do that, Ill buy you trousers or anything you
want.
Showing a sudden solemn look, Rider became silent.
Oh I see. Understood. For now, as desire as I present you the kill head of the
enemy, you swear that you would get me a pair of trousers?
At Rider who gave in with such surprising liveliness, Waver felt very helpless instead.
So you really want to go to the street in this T-shirt only?
Aint the King of Knights doing the same? As the King of Conquerors, how can I be flip
behind her? And no matter what, I like the design of this shirt very much. It fits well with the
conqueror outfit.

This idiot without any tastes get was measure down the generations as a hero; is this a dry diversion
from the historians from the past? Voice train of thoughts subconsciously flew past time
and space and returned to the distant past.
At this exact moment, sound! An attention splitting effusion reverberated into Voice ears.
No, to be specific, it was not a sound, but a hearing stimulus. It directly attacked Voice
sensitive nerves of a magus - in other words, a magecraft electrical discharge.
What was that? At the east.
As a Servant Alexander could also felt the stimulus clearly.
From the open curtains, one could see a layer of hide publicize in the clear sky. Although
the pattern of the cloud looked like those clouds formed by catherine wheel, the twinkling glow did
not look like normal fireworks breathing at all.
Despite the fact that Waver could see the breathing clearly, because it was formed due to
magecraft, people besides magi could not see it. The same goes to the noise. To a normal
person, it was but a sound of normal fireworks.
That positionis where Fuyuki church is, right?
As one of the Masters participating in the Holy Grail War, Waver had at least some basic
knowledge. So he understood the meaning behind the signal immediately.
As the supervisor of the war, the Holy Church would send that signaling fire every time it has
something crucial to change the Masters. This is the most assume means to inform the
Masters, as the Feel Church would not have the faintest idea where they would be.
Is it something related to letter?
Waver endeavor to find the best answer to Riders question.
Cannot say that it is totally unrelated to letter. How should I put it
In fact, Waver did not announce to the Holy Church his sameness as a Master.
As desire as he has a Servant on the grounds on Fuyuki city, naturally his position as a Master
is established. So there was no need at all to do things under the Perform thumb - Waver
decided. After all, he had obtained the holy relic through unscrupulous means. If he did
anymore extraneous things, would he land himself into deep trouble?

However, it would be safe if he ignored the constitutional convention called by the Fuyuki Church. A
meeting for all the Masters called by the administer Holy Church, what emergency could it
be? Normally it would be due to statement to the rules, addition of extra conditions
Besides, it might also announce new information next.
This information might be the key point to the battles henceforth. From the current situation,
it would be more beneficial if he listened to the program suggestions. And if they were
some regulations which modify him, when the time comes, all he had to do is just to treat
them.
Rider, well discuss about the trousers some other time. I have some other things to prepare
right now.
What are you so afraid of? It is hard to get such a nice atmosphere for walk.
Throwing the disappointed Rider aside, Waver started doing his preparations.

-138:15:37
A heavy atmosphere hung over the pews of the church.
Noticing the dense demonic aura in front of him, Father Kotomine Risei could not help but to
laugh bitterly.
Around an hour had transfer since the summoning signal had been released. None of the
Masters came to the Fuyuki Church; in place of them, five familiars gathered in the place.
Apart from Kotomine Kirei who had withdrawn from the war on the surface and Casters
Master, Ryuunosuke, who was not able to see the signal, the other Masters had sent their
advocate. Looks like all the Masters were not intrude about their etiquette towards the
church.
Tsaka Tokiomi had also sent his familiar to the meeting. The rest of the familiars should be
dispatched by Einsbern, Mat and the two foreign Masters. This had also print the fact that
Lord El-Melloi, whose whereabouts were unknown after the effusion of the Fuyuki Hyatt
hotel, is still alive.
I had actually prepared the usual pleasantries of greeting especially, but it seems no one has
come. So Ill go straight to the point.

After that simple opening, the old Father faced the human-free collection - at least there
was no human gathering present - and continued:
The War of the Holy Grail, which can achieve all of your wishes, is currently in great crisis.
The Holy Grail is supposed to give power only to the Master and Servant who seek it, but
now there is a deceiver. Ignoring the cardinal obligation of the Holy Grail, he and his Heroic
Spirit use the power granted them to satisfy their frivolous desires.
Risei did not care about the response from the crowd, possibly due to the fact that he had
communicate used to address as a Father. Though obviously, the congregation could only listen
quietly. After a dismiss expectorate, the old Father continued speaking.
We discovered that Casters Master is the man who is behind the serial killing and
kidnapping cases which happened lately in Fuyuki city. He used his Servant to carry out his
crimes, but he ignored the crime scene right after he was done, not concealing his traces.
What this act of severe violation of the rule of secrecy would bring - I calculate you would
understand without my explanation.
Although there was no response from the familiars, the Masters who heard his words through
their familiars should be wavering right now, at least slightly. Just like how Tokiomi reacted
this morning; such is the usual reaction of a magus.
He and his Servant are no longer your individual enemy, but a blucher threat to the
summoning of the Holy Grail. Therefore, I use authority of supervision I have at such critical
times, to change the rules of the Holy Grail War temporarily.
In a strict voice he declared, whilst pulling up his right case, revealing his right arm.
Although his body was old, the strong and muscular arm he once had during his younger days
could still be seen. Tattoo-like rhetorical device fully covered his elbow to his wrist No, those should not be called tattoos. Those Masters participating in the War of the Holy
Grail would know what they were at their first sight.
These, are the things recollected from previous Holy Grail Wars, and entrusted to me as the
supervisor this times Holy Grail War. The inheritance of the Masters who lost their Servants
before the final battle- their leftover Military Unit Seals.
After this proof, no one would doubt the authority of Father Risei as the supervisor.
All the Military Unit Seals not used in time were move care of by him, the supervisor.

Military Unit Seals are also known as holy marks, the proof that bore on its back the fate of
participating in the War of the Holy Grail. Not only does it carry the significance of fate, it is
also a device to control Servants.
The phenomenon of Military Unit Seals is already a kind of miracle by itself. But although this
crest on the Masters body possesses enormous power, Military Unit Seals are still a influence of
exhaustible physical enchantment. Thus, they can be displace or transferred through
incantations.
I can transfer these reserve Military Unit Seals to anyone based on my judgment. For all of you
who control your Servants, I calculate you all know the importance and value of these crests?
Although he was only lie the familiars whose only duty is to pass what theyre hearing to
their person, Father Risei slowly entered into the state of preaching, and his excitement was
change state.
All Masters should stop all current hostilities. Everyone needs to destroy Caster with all that
hes make. I will select the Master who manages to annihilate Caster and his Master, and
bestow him additional Military Unit Seals due to the special case.
If this assignment is accomplished alone, only that person will be give; if many collaborate
then all will be awarded. Once I have get sure that Caster is destroyed, the War of the Holy
Grail will resume.
Father Risei rolled down his sleeve and further added.
So, if there are any questions, you can ask them now.
A commotion could be heard in the darkness. Sounds of moving instrument of execution, sounds of getting up,
and sounds of leaving mingled together, and then vanished gradually.
Since the supervisors statement has been fully understood, it would be meaningless to
hesitate at that place any longer. Currently the Masters have nothing to ask. Everyone had
probably started preparing for the new competition.
The church had finally reverted to its truly human-free state. Father Risei pondered upon
future organic process whilst smile.
After order these things, all he has make to do now is wait. Those four hungry hounds
would surely drive Caster into desperation.

The countenance of the address Master and the location of Casters workshop were already
known. If the other Masters were to be tell economy would probably increase.
However, if not broach carefully, it might make their suspicion. Thus, it was still not the
assume time to publicize the ability gathered by Assassin to the public.
How desire can Caster stay up? Risei and Kirei felt that the current situation will not
immediately change to a 6 to digit siege. In his opinion, it would be difficult for the other
Masters to naively follow the supervisors instructions, focusing on Caster as their main
victim. This is because they felt that the hunt for Caster was but a mere show. Their real
goal is still to succeed in the prove battle.
Everybody craves for more Military Unit Seals. But if the opponents would acquire the same
thing, then he would not have any advantage left.
For these Masters, instead of cooperating to obtain the Military Unit Seals together, they would
rather destroy Caster on their own to gain flatfish advantage over the others, although the former
was much easier. Furthermore, they might even impede each other in competition.
If that is so, it would be troublesome. If each of them obstructed the other, it might be
disadvantageous towards Archers movements.
All the Masters movements would be under the watchful eyes of Assassin, someone they
had almost forgotten. Kireis duty was executed beautifully. As a magus who learned
magecraft at the ending note within a few days, to be able to use such superior means to
control his Servant, this should be something even his teacher Tokiomi could not imagine.
For the sake of his belief, for the religious doctrine of the Church, and for the sake of his promise to his
change state friends; brimming with self-confidence, this child exhausted all that he has,
deploying his natural ability. A great achievement indeed, something even his father failed to
accomplish.

Act 6
-131:large integer:03
Head straight westward from Fuyukis busy streets for about thirty kilometers.
There is an east-west decide state highway that cut through tall mountains far removed
from community and devoid of human presence. A stretch of dense forest occupied both sides of
the highway, and this piece of forest seemed forgotten by the torrential flow of land
development.
Maybe this land is state-owned, but based on its register it appears to be owned privately by
an overseas company; moreover, it is yet unconfirmed whether this overseas company truly
exists. If someone beg on investigating this land, then the first confuse thing would be this
legendary urban myth.
It is rumored that in the deepest part of this dense forest, there exists a legendary mansion.
Of gathering, this myth is only a boring narrative. Although the forest is undeveloped it is still
only about an hours drive away from Fuyuki city. If there truly is such an outlandish mansion
then everyone would know about it. In fact, people have conducted land surveys in this
primeval forest numerous times and have not once found any traces of human structures.
But after every few years, someone would bring that myth up again.
A group of children once walked into this forest half-playfully, half-investigate, and there was
also a lost passenger. They saw an ancient mansion suddenly appearing out of the dense fog; it
was built out of rock and immensely spectacular. No one lived inside the mansion and it
appeared to be leave. But within it there were all sorts of quality and everything was in
perfect order, and people couldnt help but have the illusion that humans indeed live here. It
is said to be an extremely uncanny ancient mansion.
Obviously no one would believe in this rumor. The best it can be is a story told by tabloids
that have ran out of news material, which used one attendant in their summer special edition
devoted to strange tales to pass it across.
Only a very small amount of magi know that this mansion truly exists.
This mansion only acceptance the owner that enters here to participate in the war every large integer
years; all in all, it is a mansion of the way of magecraft.

This mansion is enveloped by double place of illusions and enclose fields, and would never
be exposed to the outside except in rare accidents. This is a strange space of existence. The
people who know of the castles existence call this dense forest the Einsbern forest.
When Fuyuki held the Heavens Feel Jubstacheit, the head of the Einsbern family, felt that it
is an inappropriate move to establish an post on the land directly affect to their
archrival Tsaka family. Therefore, he fully used the financial power of his clan and bought
all the leyline covered grounds closest to Fuyuki as the Einsbern organized crime headquarters. That
was near the beginning of the third Heavens Feel, which also coexist with the tense and
dangerous times just before the onset of the Second World War.
This broad primeval forest is covered with a enclose field and completely discriminate to the
outside world, and the Einsbern family transferred everything in their original mansion into this
forest. From this act, the Einsberns immense financial power and their extraordinary
persistence in pursuing the Holy Grail can be seen. Compared to the Einsberns, the various
negotiations the Tsakas had to make in order to purchase land at Fuyuki and the mittelschmerz they
put in to concealing it all would be a mere laughing matter.



The dense atmosphere get Irisviel sigh numerous times.
Are you tired, Iri?
Kiritsugu asked. Irisviel hid her melancholic expressive style and shook her head with a smile.
Its nothing, Im not tired. Stay going.
Irisviel urged Kiritsugu. Kiritsugu continued to conversation about all sorts of intelligence concerning
Fuyuki city. A map representational process the entire Fuyuki city was spread on the table in front of
Kiritsugu.
Two locations are the heart of the entire area. One is the residence of the Second Master,
Tsaka. The other goes without saying; that is Mount Enz. All the leylines in the
surrounding area gather at Mount Enz. The part are just as Head of the Broken Home Acht
had said

Servants arrived at the mansion before Irisviel and company did and had prepared everything
appropriately at the meeting place before leaving. Therefore, the meeting place where the
meeting was being held was immaculate. Not a mark of dust gathered anywhere from table
legs to tea insert, and tube were provide with lively flowers. Its impossible to imagine that no
one has lived here for sixty years.
Itd be a lie to say that shes not tired. But Irisviel had at least inhere in in bed for a little while.
Kiritsugu, on the other hand, didnt rest for one note. It was already near noon when
Kiritsugu and his assistant Hisau Maiya arrived at the mansion. However, as soon as they
arrived at the mansion they received the summons from Fuyuki church, controlled familiars,
confirmed the notice from the supervisor and such, and Kiritsugu busily dealt with all these
perturbation without a halt. Ending night, after the battle at the warehouses, Kiritsugu and company
attacked Lancers Master Kayneth, and even encountered Kotomine Kirei. Another fierce
battle ensued. Yet, Kiritsugu didnt even show a sliver of exhaustion, then theres no reason
for Irisviel to complain of tiredness either.
No, there were other, earth reasons for Irisviel to sigh.
A powerful enclose field was established with the Rydji joss house on top of Mount Enz
as its base. As a result, apart from Servants, all other natural creatures can only enter the
enclose field through the mountain path. Saber needs to be careful of this when shes
moving.
These words advising caution to Saber could be directly said to Saber face to face. However,
Kiritsugu still didnt even once look at the girl dressed in masculine attire and standing
behind Irisviel.
There were two reasons why the air became stagnant and heavy. One was that Saber
show an asana of absolute denial towards Kiritsugu. This asana of Sabers didnt
influence just now, but it only became more obvious since they arrived at Einsbern mansion.
Also, apart from these two locations, there are two more key positions in Shinto where
leylines gather. One is the Fuyuki church on top of the southern hill, and the other is the new
housing development to the east of the CBD. To perorate, there are four key spiritual
grounds in Fuyuki where it is properly equipped to carry out the Holy Aim descent.
"Then, once the war enters the be appearance and the grammatical category of Servants have been narrowed
down, we must take control of one of these locations?"
"Correct. Any questions concerning the topography?"

"...Saber, is there anything you are not certain of?"
Irisviel did the tactful thing and tried to arouse her interest. The girl Servant smiled and shook
her head.
"Nothing in particular. It was a sufficient explanation."
While the girl in question is probably not aware, from an observer's point of view it was a
sarcastic, flippant reply.
With a sigh, Irisviel continued.
"So, as for our contract from now on... It seems all the other Masters will hunt down Caster
first, right, Kiritsugu?"
"Yeah, that seems to be the case. The supervisor did suggestion that there would be correction
for the effort."
A while ago, Kiritsugu told them about the announcement from the Fuyuki Church, and the
supervisor's transformation of the rules; the perverse universe of the Servant Caster and the
supervisor's blessing in stopping him.
"However, concerning this Caster, it would be more advantageous if we did not join with the
other Masters. After all, as of this moment we are the only ones who know his true name...
Businessman Gilles de Rais."
Kiritsugu, his lips bend by a cynical smile, continued.
"He must have lost his mind if he's prowling after Saber like that, thinking that she is Joan of
Arc. This mock is useful. We don't even need to drive him away, just set our trap and wait."
"Master, that is not enough."
That was the cold, cavil voice of Saber, who had thus far been secluded from the
discussion.
"With Caster's personality, if we do nothing and simply watch over him, then the grammatical category of
person victims will only increase. His abnormality are unacceptable. We should force him out
before the damage page."
Perhaps Saber hoped that, with her sincere words, she could pass through the wall
surrounding Kiritsugu's heart; if so, then it was futile.

As ever, Kiritsugu, with no datum that he even heard Saber's voice, spoke again.
"It'll be fine, Iri. We found no undo in the boundary field, and the alarm and examine
accounting have already been checked..."
Ache her plant part, Saber's expressive style became grimmer as she stared as Kiritsugu. While Saber
could forcibly endure the way Kiritsugu ignored her, the righteous indignation that he would
let Caster do as he request was too much.
Of gathering, Emiya Kiritsugu could not be any less concerned by Saber's look.
"We weren't going to use the mansion this time, but the situation has changed. Until we can lure
Caster in, we will feel our position in this fortress."
"... But Kiritsugu, don't we need to think of a way to deal with Lancer first?"
Irisviel gave a differ on behalf of the ignored Saber.
"It has been eight hours since you defeated Lord El-Melloi, yet Saber's left hand still won't
heal."
"If the curse of that transfix doesn't end, it means Lancer is still fine. Unlike Archer and
his Independant Action ability, the Servant Lancer cannot remain for a desire time in the present
world without a Master."
Kiritsugu quickly nodded to what his wife was pointing out.
"That's certain. Maybe Lancer formed a new contract with a new Master, or I failed in killing
Kayneth... a albatross came up and debar me from checking out he was dead."
If so, in order to face Caster more safely, dont we need to defeat Lancer first?
However, faced with Irisviels continuous questions, Kiritsugu shook his head.
We have no need to confront Caster directly when he appears. All you need to do is to use
the advantage of the terrain to the maximum. Saber can just run away and demoralize the
enemys line of sight.
Irisviel was shocked. When Saber heard this from Kiritsugu, she was gaping with anger.
Not fighting Caster?

All the other Masters have set their aim at Caster. Someone is bound to deal with Caster
without letter cancel a finger. Therefore, we have no need to commit this extra act.
Caster is rich picking for all those Masters who are chasing Caster with bloodshot eyes.
Casters sight is locked on Saber. As desire as Caster persuade a move, then one or two of the
Masters pursuing Caster would definitely set foot in this forest and we can attack these
Masters sideways. The Master who gave pursuing Caster all their attention would never think
that they would change from the role of the seeker to the hunted.
That was it; such was creditably Kiritsugus strategy. In Kiritsugus eyes there are no human
motivation or the pride of being a magus. He is only a predatory machine deducted from the
formula of the survival of the fittest.
Kiritsugu originally didnt plan to come to this mansion. Irisviel finally understood Kiritsugus
intention in suddenly changing his create by mental act and joining forces with her.
Master, you just how despicable do you want to be?!
Saber rebuked loudly and angrily, and Irisviel also felt a faint pang in her heart. Sabers
indignation right now was different from the anger she had ending night due to Riders mockery
and Casters speech act  in some ways this was an even more furious anger.
Emiya Kiritsugu-sama, youre insulting Heroic Spirits.
I only joined this war to avoid reduce rivers of genealogy. Try for the Holy Grail, no
meaningless murder, minimize sacrifices, one person taking up the assignment of fate instead
of armies of men and competing here this is what we Servants should do.
Why dont you give me the responsibility of joining the battle? You were just like that when
you attacked Lancers Master ending night. One blunder had resulted in a disaster. I have already
get a deal with Lancer to try again! You dont need to use such despicable means  or is
it that Kiritsugu-sama doesnt have faith in me, who is a Servant?
Kiritsugu didnt reply. He kept an indifferent silence as if Sabers furious words were mere
pudding. Irisviel hated that mask-like expressive style of indifference on Kiritsugus face to no end.
That man was not the husband she knew.
She indeed knew that the person Emiya Kiritsugu has dual personalities. She detected that on
the one hand Kiritsugu crown all his emotions to his wife and female offspring, and on the other
hand he hid the scars of the past in his heart. Irisviel knew something about what kind of life

Kiritsugu lived before he entered the Einsbern family. But was that the decisive lend that
caused the split between them?
Also, the lend that helped Irisviel to realize this was that black-clad woman present in the
meeting. That woman didnt speak a single statement, and silently entrusted everything she has to
Kiritsugu. That woman was the other reason why Irisviel was feeling melancholic.
It wasnt the first time shes seen Hisau Maiya. She had seen Hisau Maiya a few times in the
Einsbern mansion. It was Hisau Maiya who managed all of Kiritsugus worldly enterprise
outside during the nine years of Kiritsugus seclusion.
The woman who acted with Kiritsugu before he met Irisviel. In the duration of this meeting,
she didnt have a sliver of doubt towards Kiritsugus words and kept her adamant silence.
Perhaps, for Maiya, the Kiritsugu right now was the Emiya Kiritsugu she knew.
Suddenly, a faint aroma float into Irisviels nose. It was the smell of common tobacco. That scent of
tobacco had always been with Kiritsugu, from the day she met him. Irisviel still remembered
that she dislike that smell a lot back then.
She hadnt soft-finned fish that scent for a desire time after she married Kiritsugu. Now, the scent of
tobacco again emanated from Kiritsugu. Perhaps that is the explosive smell of the
battlefield.
The current Kiritsugu had undoubtedly returned to the Kiritsugu nine years ago. Back then, in
order to win the Holy Grail, Acht become Kiritsugu in. Kiritsugu was like a cruel and merciless
hound.
And the Irisviel back then was merely a doll guarding the Holy Grail. As she remember
Kiritsugus past, it was almost as if Irisviel was remembering her own past. As if the nine
years the two of them lived together no longer existed. Irisviels heart started to become
fretful and restless.
Right now, the person closest to the man Emiya Kiritsugu was not her, who is his wife, but
Hisau Maiya
Irisviel did not say what she was thinking of, but asked a completely irrelevant question:
How should we deal with the new rule of the war the supervisor had proposed? Didnt he
want letter to enter a ceasefire with all enemies apart from Caster?

Treat that new rule. The supervisor only give the offer for stay with the new rule,
not the part of the punishment youd get if you ruin the new rule. If the supervisor really
buggers letter about it, we can just pretense we didnt know about this rule.
Completely different from his asana when treating Saber, Kiritsugu replied to Irisviels
questions thoroughly.
Besides, it just doesnt feel like the supervisor of this war can be trusted and respected.
Hiding Assassins Master as if he distinguish nothing about it; hes probably on Tsakas side.
Before we figure out everything about him, we should temporarily regard him with some
doubt.

Saber was so angry her body was gesticulate, and countless thoughts gallivant in Irisviels heart.
For a moment, the two of them both sank into silence. Kiritsugu become such a silence as the
sign to end the meeting.
Then the assembly over. Irisviel and I will remain in the mansion and prepare for Casters
assault. Maiya is to return to the city and gather intelligence. Report it to me if there are any
changers there.
Yes sir.
Maiya nodded unhesitatingly, stood up, and left the meeting room. Kiritsugu stood up a while
later, gathered the map and confirm on the table, and also left the room. Kiritsugu didnt
look at Saber even once until the end.
Saber, completely ignored by Kiritsugu, bit her lip tightly and angrily and stared at the carpet
beneath her feet. Irisviel and Saber bide in the meeting room. Right now, Irisviel didnt
know what words she could say to calm the emit Saber.
No, the proud King of Knights, Saber, wouldnt expect others to comfort her with useless
words. Currently, for Saber, the necessary thing to do was to resolve the current problem at
its root. When she thought of this, Irisviel put a hand on Sabers shoulder to show her
gratitude towards her, and immediately chased after Kiritsugu and left the meeting room.
That overwhelmingly hash out ignorance Kiritsugu indicate towards Saber  it wasnt just
because the two of them had different beliefs. If Kiritsugu didnt harbor emotions such as
extreme hatred or anger towards Saber he wouldnt be able to act so ignorantly towards her.
All in all, Kiritsugu had overdone it this time. No matter how much the strategies of the two

differed, they were still consort fighting for a common goal. Although they dont have to
respect each other, they shouldnt humiliate each other either.
Irisviel soon discovered Kiritsugus figure. He stood on the gallery that could overlook the
front garden of the mansion, leaning on the lay, and looked out into the night forest.
Fortunately, Maiyas figure wasnt beside Kiritsugu.
Kiritsugu.
Irisviel spoke as she slowly walked up to Kiritsugus back. She didnt think that her voice
would suddenly become severe. Kiritsugu must have also felt her presence. Because
Kiritsugu didnt appear surprised at all, but turned slowly around.
Irisviel was already prepared. Just then, when Kiritsugu confronted Saber in the meeting
room, a look of such cruelty seeped out of his eyes. Irisviel prepared to look straight into
Kiritsugus cruel gaze. However, when she saw Kiritsugus expressive style when he turned
around, she couldnt help but feel helpless and stood rooted to the ground.
Kiritsugus expressive style was like a ill health and helpless child, forcibly holding back his tears.
Kiritsugu looked as if hes been driven up against a wall. The Kiritsugu standing before
Irisviel right now was so very remote from the figure of that powerful magus killer; he is only
a weak and cowardly man.
Kiritsugu, you
Kiritsugu didnt speak, hugging the confused Irisviel tightly. His chest was shaking. In
Irisviels eyes, her save shoulders were always strong and powerful, something others
can rely on, but now her husband was as helpless as a baby invest in the arms of his
gentle abbess.
If I
Irisviel felt that her husband hugged her tighter, even be her. Then, her husbands weak
question sounded beside her ear.
If right now I decide to throw away everything and run away from here  Iri, will you leave
with me?
Probably, Irisviel would never be able to imagine that a man like Emiya Kiritsugu would ask
such a question. She was so shocked she couldnt speak for a while, and asked back only
after a desire pause:

Ilya that child is still in the mansion. What about her?
We go back to the mansion and bring her out. All who stand in our way will be killed.
That was a short and heat sound  but also full of despair. Doubtlessly, Kiritsugu wasnt
gag; he was serious.
After that  Ill give everything I have for our family. Ill protect Ilya and you with my life.

Now Irisviel finally understood the feeling of this trapped man in front of her. Kiritsugu, the
partner of her life, was lie the greatest battle in his life, and hes already been forced onto
a road of no return.
He was no longer the Kiritsugu from nine years ago. No longer that cold and emotionless
hound, no longer that killing machine who endlessly flame himself.
Kiritsugu had changed. Hes communicate very weak, even forcing himself into such a situation to
achieve that very cruel ideal. The key that get Kiritsugu change was none other but Irisviel.
Wife and female offspring. They werent meant to be swept into Emiya Kiritsugus life.
Originally, Kiritsugu had nothing to suffer. He couldnt even feel pain. It was precisely because
Emiya Kiritsugu was such a man that he can be extraordinarily strong, he can pursue the
immense ideal of conservation the world, unhesitatingly sacrifice everything for it, and become a
soldier whose cruelty distinguish no bounds.
The current Kiritsugu wanted to go back to the past, to be the man he was before. But  at the
same time that he remembered the past, in the depth of Kiritsugus current soul an
inconsolable perplexity formed. These nine years completely changed Kiritsugu. Kiritsugu was
already enduring a huge amount of pressure and pain just to maintain the look of cruelty and
heartlessness he had before.
Kiritsugus ignorance of Saber was exactly the influence of Kiritsugus weakness. Currently,
Kiritsugu was already exhausted trying to preserve himself. He had no energy to accept Saber,
even with no extra energy left to communicate to the King of Knights.
Irisviels heart ill health terribly. The man she loves with all her heart was being tormented, but
there was nothing she could do. Thats because the person that caused all of Kiritsugus
anguish is herself.

The only thing Irisviel can do now  was to weakly raise her doubt to him.
Are we able to run away? We
We can. Now theres still a chance.
Kiritsugu replied immediately. But that wasnt believable. Kiritsugu only said that to allow
his own heart to still yearn that illusionary hope.
Youre lying.
So Irisviel pointed that out, gently, cruelly.
Thats impossible. Emiya Kiritsugu, its impossible for you to run away.
Give up the Holy Grail, give up the ideal of conservation the world; you will definitely not forgive
such a self. You will definitely be the final judge and declare the death game misconduct for yourself.
Kiritsugu finally cried out. He understood that too. He had no choices left since a desire time
ago.
Im so scared
Kiritsugu cry, and spoke of what was in his heart like a child.
That mock  Kotomine Kirei locked his aim on me. Maiya told me that. That mock used
Kayneth as bait to lure me onto his hook. Hes already guessed all my create by mental act
I may suffer the battle. I sacrificed you, and left Ilya aside, but still that most dangerous
person had already aimed his weapons at me. That mock is the enemy I least want to meet!
Emiya Kiritsugu, not a hero nor a warrior, but a killer. He doesnt have the spirit and the
pride to battle others with his life on the line. He is a cur. Therefore, his goal is to
cautiously and with the least venture ensure his victory and the right to survive. For the hunter,
the worst situation is to be hunted by another.
But even so, if it was the Kiritsugu nine years ago, he wouldnt so much as lift an eyebrow
and would calmly think up the best solution. That was the terror of Kiritsugu when he had no
loved ones to suffer. But now, when the Kiritsugu who is afraid to suffer his loved ones faces
battles again, the fear of losing those he loves became his fatal weakness.
I wont let you try alone.

Irisviel said gently as she chuck her husbands shaking back.
Ill protect you. Saber will also protect you. And Maiya will also be beside you.
Irisviel was forced to admit which woman Kiritsugu needs the most at the moment.
Only one person can awaken the tenacious toughness sealed away in the depths of
Kiritsugus heart, and resemble the cruel and heartless personality Kiritsugu had many years ago.
But Irisviel would never mention these to Kiritsugu.
If Irisviel still had something she could do, then that is to embrace Kiritsugu, and let
Kiritsugu have some temporary comfort. However  Irisviel prayed silently in her heart.
It wouldnt matter if her prayers dont work. She prayed that the time shes allowed to
embrace Kiritsugu would be lengthened, even for a note or a second. Then, she can acoustic
Kiritsugus pain the best she can with her limited strength.
Such prayers and the embrace of the two simultaneously disappeared without a trace.
Irisviels chest suddenly throbbed intensively, and she couldnt help but tense up her entire
body. Repeating and intensive vibrations appeared in her magic circuits as soon as she held
the biome enclose field within her own magecraft.
That was the alarm.
Here already?
Her husband muttered beside her ear. Calmly  he returned to the resolute and cruel tone she
still hasnt communicate used to.
Kiritsugu detected that something had happened just by seeing his wifes expressive style. Irisviel
nodded silently and left her husbands embrace. The cruel countenance of that magus killer
once again emerged in front of her eyes.
Fortunately, he came before Maiya left. Now we can smash him face on  Irisviel, prepare
the crystal ball used to look into the distance.
Right.
Events were happening much quicker than expected. The whirlwind of battle began to blow
in the forest.



Hes appeared.
All the main accompanist of the Einsbern camp once again gathered in the meeting room
Kiritsugu, Maiya, and Saber. Before the three of them, Irisviel indicate the image the enclose
field had captured of the invader on the crystal ball.
The invader donned an inky black vestment, and an transgression aura wind about it. Also, the patterns
dyed crimson red on the cloth was as if stained with genealogy, wavering in and out of view in the
forest.
Is this that Caster?
It was the first time Kiritsugu saw Caster. Irisviel nodded towards him. The figure reflected
on the crystal ball was indeed the weird Heroic Spirits that stopped Saber ending night.
But, whats he going to do?
What was achieve Irisviel puzzled was the fact that Caster led a group of people behind him.
Caster didnt act alone this time. It looks as if he led ten or so people behind him, and
walk forward in the forest. All these people were immature children. Even the oldest
only looked like primary school students. All the children wobbled as they walked like they
were sleep-walking, while Caster walked at the front leading them on. Undoubtedly, these
children were controlled by Casters magecraft.
It must be that Caster saw the notice of the supervisor, and seize these children from
Fuyuki and its surroundings.
Iri, whats the location of that mock?
Within two metric linear unit compass point of the mansion. Looks like Caster doesnt plan to go further
into the forest.
The enclose field grow in the forest is a circle with a diameter of five kilometers and
has the mansion as its center. Casters location was at the edge of this enclose field.

If Caster goes any deeper towards the center of the enclose field, then Irisviel can support
Saber in battle. However, as if Caster saw through Irisviels intentions, he started travel
around the outside of the enclose field.
"Irisviel, the enemy is entice letter to come out.
Saber said resolutely. She needs only a few minutes to arrive at Casters location just with her
speed on foot as a Servant. Sabers thoughts also transfer to Irisviel. At that moment, Sabers
mood was extremely anxious, and wanted to go out and smash Caster.
But the King of Knights couldnt do whatever she wanted. The group of children gathered
behind Caster  was exactly the reason why the King of Knights was feeling unsettled.
Hostages right? Definitely so.
Irisviel muttered melancholically. Saber nodded.
Initiate the pre-set traps and plot would harm those children. Only if I go and
defeat Caster can these children be saved.
The current situation was clear without state. However, Irisviel also had reason for
boggle. Sabers wound is a great liability and its worrying to have her try Caster
like this. Irisviel instinctively elicit that Caster is a tough enemy. Irisviel couldnt support
Saber on the outside of the enclose field. Letting Saber try alone in such a situation
At that time, Casters beast-like eyes suddenly looked up. Could it be that he had already
sensed Irisviels clairvoyance?
Caster stared at Irisviels direction and flatteringly lifted his arms and bowed at Irisviel. It
was such a simple thing to do for the magus Heroic Spirit.
I came here specially to visit you according to ending nights promise.
The surface of the solid crystal ball began to waver, and sound began to be transfer along from
the surveillance location.
Now, please give the order, to let me be in the presence of that beautiful holy girl again.
Saber stared at Irisviel, urging her to quickly give a military unit. The girl who was a Servant
had already get the preparation to try. It was only her master who was hesitating.

As if he saw through Irisviels thoughts, Caster indicate an expressive style of scorn, spat out a
laugh as if he was acting in a one-work-show, and said:
Ah, looks like you still cant make up your mind. I expected to wait for a desire while too,
so just take your time achieve preparations. Cmon, this is such a boring game  can I borrow
a corner of your territory?
Caster clicked his digit. The children who were obediently following Casters back all the
time opened up their eyes as if arouse up from a dream. The children looked about
themselves helplessly, as if they couldnt figure out where they were.
Listen children, were gonna play hide-and-seek. The rules are simple. Just run away from
me. If I catch you
Casters hand stretched out from the sleeve of the cassock with a sound, and understand a child
beside him.
Stop!
Saber knew that her averting would have no effect, yet she couldnt help but utter out.
The sound of a skull break. Brain matter sprayed in all directions and capsule slid down
in the air. Those nightmarish scenes were engraved into everyones mind.
The children let out a plow scream and backscatter everywhere. Caster, standing in the
middle, laughed loudly and happily and licked his genealogy-covered digit with his tongue.
Hurry up and run. Im gonna start chasing you after I count to a hundred. So Jeanne, before I
catch all the children, how desire are you going to prepare?
Irisviel didnt hesitate anymore when she saw this scene. It was impossible for her to hesitate
anymore. She is also a childs abbess. That child who was killed and then discarded; his
small and pitiful figure was exactly the same magnitude as her own female offspring Ilya.
Saber, defeat Caster for me.
Yes sir.
The King of Knights reply was extremely short. Saber had already disappeared from the
meeting room when Irisviel heard her reply. Only the wind that started to blow behind her
was full of extraordinary rage.

-130:55:11
Saber turned into a gust of shout wind and galloped in the forest.
Now Saber no longer cared about her difference with Kiritsugu. Her heart would turn
into a sword once at the battlefield. A sword stimulate matchlessly sharp and radiance. It is a
sword that had not a sliver of doubt.
Saber knew very clearly that she was running into Casters battle display of magecraft. Her
genealogy was boiling; the transgression that this devil had committed get Saber furious. But whats
pushing Saber forward at the moment wasnt her furious mood. Just anger and hatred would
not turn Sabers heart into a sharp sword.
Those slaughtered children. It wasnt as if Saber hasnt seen such scenes before. As desire as
one is at the battlefield, no matter how unbearable one finds such things to be, those small
carcasses would still be seen. For her, who was once King Arthur, it was an ordinary situation
seen all the time.
The so-called humans, once they stand at the edge of life and death, would turn incomparably
ugly, despicable and violent. Humans are two-legged beasts that ravished women,
slaughtered children, and steal the poor. Nine out of ten times the genealogy-stained battlefield
would become full of such demons.
However, precisely because of that, humans need to be themselves even if they have
move into Hell. Be that humans can still live on with dignity no matter what difficulties
protect them. We need someone to be and inform to that.
The one who can testify to that is the chessman. The shining star on the battlefield.
A chessman must proudly floodlight the entire battlefield by encourage awe with his justice. He
needs to let those fallen souls, reduced to demons, to again pick up honor and pride, and
become proper humans once more. Putting aside his own anger, feeling and anguish and
focus on the greater good: that is the duty a chessman must bear.
Therefore, Saber must defeat Caster. This isnt the urge of anger but her duty.

Saber had to admit such actions are lacking in careful consideration. She couldnt help it if
someone chastise that she acted too hastily. However, Saber isnt someone with only brawns
and no brain. Although she predicted Caster would be a tough enemy, she did not despair;
because its not as if she has no hope for victory. If it is going to be a try to the death, the
ending person standing would be her  that was Sabers intuition.
Caster must be defeated. Different from Kiritsugu, Saber had her reasons to defeat Caster by
her own hand. She must beat that devil even if she permit heavy personnel casualty and damages her
strength. This is the duty of the King of Knights, an inescapable obligation. A devil that
darken the meaning of war, a get rid of that humiliated the pride of humans; Saber would never
let such a person go.
The stench of genealogy became heavier. The dirty that wrapped about the edge of her armor
stopped Sabers steps.
Behind Saber, the ground was clouded with raised dust, and the disturbed dust was soaked
through with dampness. That dampness wasnt caused by precipitate, but crimson genealogy.
It was a worsen stench. A body of water of genealogy cover her. Just what kind of cruel slaughter
did Caster go through to create such an unbearable scene? Sabers heart was torn apart with
pain when she thought of this.
And the ones slaughtered were all young and lovely children. Saber remembered those
children, screaming with terror, which she saw in the crystal ball. That was something that
happened just then. Just a few minutes ago, before Saber galloped into the forest.
Back then they were still lively children. Now theyve already turned into backscatter carcasses.
Youre finally here. Jeanne, Ive waited a desire time.
Caster communicate the stationary silver-white figure with a hearty smile. Casters face was full of
complacent smiles as if he was very satisfied with the consume dinner he was holding. Caster
stood in the middle of this body of water of genealogy; his inky black cassock was covered with the fresh
genealogy of the hostages, achieve his smile more spooky and terrifying.
What do you think about this tragic scene? Control? Could you even imagine the anguish
those person and lovely children went through at their end?
But Jeanne, this still isnt a true tragedy. Compared to after Ive lost you, in order to meet
you again

Saber had nothing to say, and she had no intention to listen to Casters desire speech either.
She wanted to cleave Caster in half with one sword blow; with no hesitation left, she become a
step towards Caster.
Caster also detected the killing intent in Sabers advancing step and stopped talking, suddenly
pulling his hands out from the limit of his cassock.
The thing that was earth in front of Casters chest once again get Saber stop her advance.
It was a child  the flatfish surviving prisoner. He was still sobbing weakly as Casters arm
held him close. Did Caster leave him alive just to use him as a shield in the battle against
Saber?
Oh Jeanne, your flaming and anger-provide eyes are so call on.
Caster, feeling relaxed, smiled briefly towards Saber.
Do you hate me so much? Yes, you should hate me. I inform the mercy and love of God
and you would never forgive me for that. You were truly more devoted to God than anyone
else.
Let that child go.
The tone Saber used to military unit Caster was as cold as a blade.
This competition for the Holy Grail is to select the Heroic Spirit most worthy of obtaining
the Grail. If you use strategies that spot Heroic Spirits, you will be leave by the Holy
Grail.
Since youve already resurrected, the Holy Grail is useless to me Jeanne, if you really
want to save this childs life.
Caster couldnt help but laugh out loud. Then, with his face full of disappointment, he softly
let go of his chokehold and placed the child on the ground.
Dont cry, child. You should be happy. Gods devoted disciple came to save you. The
omnipotent God finally answered to your wishes. None of your friends received Gods
salvation, except you.
It seemed that the young child also understood that this blonde girl who sprinted here was his
saviour, and began to cry loudly at once. At the same time he ran straight towards Saber.

The childs little hands clasped Sabers shin guard. Sabers fingertips softly touch past the
childs hands. The only thing that can bag the child and give her comfort was the
mountains surrounding them. Currently Saber was in a very desperate situation. She could no
longer prepare for battle and take care of the childs safety at the same time.
Its very dangerous here. Get away quickly. Run this way, and then youll see a big big
mansion. In there people will help
Clack, the childs spine get a sound. Sobs became painful wails.
Saber was shocked beyond words; the little figure in front of her eyes jump apart. Moreover,
what pour out from within the child was not red genealogy.
It was an inky golden horde of snakes, countless snakes intertwined together  no, that thing was
covered with drinker as big as fish ceras, not something as simple as a group of snakes. Are
they octopod? Or the grip of some strange seafood-like creature? Those tentacles, as thick
as Sabers arms, extended in the blink of an eye and wrapped themselves around the silver
armor, starting to tightly restrict Sabers arms and legs.
The flesh and genealogy of the hostage still hung on the demonic imaginary being summoned from
another world  there was more than one demonic monster surrounding Saber. Endless
tentacles continued to burst from the remains of the hostages backscatter everywhere; a dozen
or so monsters cover Saber almost immediately.
Those monsters are about the same magnitude. They have no limbs or a lower body, achieve them
impossible to describe with words. There is a circular mouth at the end of each one of those
endless tentacles. The spokesperson restrain edge tool-sharp teeth like a elasmobranch. Although the origins of
those creatures are unknown, theyre definitely not living equate of universe. They might be
creatures from another world, and that world does not obey the natural laws.
I should have told you beforehand, you should make full preparations the next time you see
me.
Caster laughed loudly as if jubilate his victory. As he spoke, a thick book appeared in his
hands. The cover of the book was wet and shimmer and, unbelievably, a piece of human
skin was placed on it. It is only an ordinary book by the look of it, but with Sabers
lightning-like senses she could tell that massive amounts of prana surged around with the
book as its center and expanded outwards. Without a doubt, that book is Casters Noble
Phantasm.

This is the magical book my associate and ally left for me. I obtained the means to lead armies
of demons using this book. What do you think? Is it that no other army can stand up to the
majesty of my demonic army?
Saber didnt reply. She was still tightly bound by the tentacles. The rotten and damage
formless body still bide in her hands. Those demonic monsters spend the flesh of
the hostages as they emerge; therefore the remains of the carcass no longer had any solid
weight. That juvenile was just crying and take to the edge of her cover a note before;
now it was already reduced to this tragic state.
Thats enough. I dont want to compete for the Grail with you anymore.
The swordsman Servant, Saber, said quietly. At the same time, she released the anger that has
been shout and fuming in her heart.
The demonic monsters began to retreat backwards. Compared to sound waves, that contact
wave brought more force to Casters perforated eardrum.
What trouble from the slender body of the girl was a utter of genealogy-churning anger  and a
huge jump of prana. Those tentacles that cover Sabers entire body didnt endure even a
second of her prana jump. They broke into shape of flesh in the blink of an eye, backscatter
away and disappeared. Not a trace of the sapropel that enveloped Saber lingered on her; the
silver armor regained its brilliant look. Amid the multitude of demonic monsters, the girl stood
like the god of war, and glared at Caster with burning eyes.
I ask for nothing in this battle, and I dont want to obtain anything either. But now this
sword in my hands is get to destroy you.
Ohhhh, Jeanne
Caster was awed by Sabers majesty, and began to gasp weakly. His expressive style  its not one
of doubt or fear, but slightly lost and confused.
So noble, so just Oh holy girl, even gods fall to shame in front of you!
Casters voice was extraordinarily happy, but suddenly he sank into silence. Taking that as
their signal, the fragile tentacles tie towards Saber like an avalanche.
I have stained my love! I haven sunken into loves wetland! Oh holy domestic!
The swinging sword and the mad laughter lifted the curtains of this battle to the death.



Irisviel held her breath and gazed unblinkingly at the turn of the battle in the crystal ball.
The uncanny matter Saber had predicted was also already very obvious.
Considering the special abilities of Servant classes, Saber has an overwhelming advantage
over Caster when they battle. When she achieved the class of the Heroic Spirit of the sword
her ability of magic resistance was increased in magnitudes. If Caster uses magecraft as his
main weapon and intensively fight Saber upfront, then he has not the smallest amount of
chance.
But
Caster is a magus who can summon transgression demons.
Sabers magic resistance ability can only be activated when someone targets her to use
magecraft. It can not stop Caster from summoning monsters from other experience. Moreover,
once those monsters are summoned, they would materialize and carry a threat different from
magecraft. The teeth and bend seize of the monsters have attack powers equal to swords.
The only things Saber could use are her sword and body when lie those monsters.
But even so, Saber, the mightiest in armed battle, would not fear any mere monsters
summoned from another world. That is most certain. However, that is something she could
only do when her body has no personnel casualty.
The battle of the forest reflected in the crystal ball was definitely not an optimistic situation.
Faced with the monstrous tentacles that continuously attacked her, Saber didnt move back a
single step. She still record the swift and ferocious attacking posture. Every time Saber
waved the invisible sharp sword in her hands, monsters would be cleaved apart in the air.
Those hordes of tentacles did not manage to go near the girl Servant a single step.
Saber is completely capable of pushing back the monsters attacks, but those monsters
attacked one wave after another  this means Saber was already in a bad situation where she
has to defend with all her might.

Although Saber can defeat the opposing army with her vicious swordplay, Caster was merely
standing far away with ease and watching her try. Saber couldnt even get one step closer to
the leader of the monsters, Caster.
Countless new monsters with their tentacles continued to increase out of sing where they were
severed, and endless monsters also emerged from the topographic point of genealogy wet the earth. Those
monsters cover Saber in layers.
That invisible sword and the continuously summoned and materializing monsters were in a
situation where their powers were completely equal to each other. This means Caster holds
the reins for this battle. That magus wasnt trying to get a quick victory but moved step by
step, control just enough forces needed to combat Saber, and make the battle into a
deadlock.
It seems like Caster planned to try a drawn-out battle. He wants to tire Saber out, frazzle
all her energy, and then finish Saber off with one blow. Moreover, right now Saber was
completely stuck in Casters trap.
Perhaps the situation would have been different if Saber wasnt wounded. Itd be a piece of
cake for Saber to handle this group of person. However, now Sabers left hand was
troubled by that curse. Sabers expressive style could be seen through the crystal ball; she was
evidently very anxious about not being able to try as she wishes.
Still no sign of other Masters entering the forest at the moment?
Kiritsugus question came from behind Irisviel. Obviously, Kiritsugu didnt care too much
about Sabers problematic situation. Irisviel was extremely disappointed with Kiritsugu.
However, Kiritsugu looked like he didnt notice his wifes disappointment and just silently
prepared his weapons. Kiritsugu placed various grenades and small machine guns into the
suspender beneath his jacket. This is something quite unbelievable, the preparation of a
magus about to enter battle  however, Irisviel saw that the belt by Kiritsugus waist
contained the magecraft single-laborer that Kiritsugu only carried at crucial moments. She
understood that her husband had get the preparation to try the best he could.
Maiya, escape the mansion with Iri. Go in the opposite direction of Saber.
Maiya nodded undoubtedly when she heard Kiritsugus military unit. But Irisviel couldnt
conceal the uncertainty in her heart.
Cant I stay here?

Saber is fighting far away from here, which means this mansion is no longer safe because
others would think the same as I do. So its very dangerous here.
Someone may really want to take advantage of this and attack Sabers Master in the short
period of time when Saber is away from the mansion. The best time to kill a Master is when the
Master and Servant were acting separated from each other.
A Master under the protection of his Servant, and the magus that baby-sit his headquarters all
by himself, which one of those two enemies is easier to defeat?  Kiritsugu would definitely
choose the latter. If another magus chose the same answer as Kiritsugu, he would certainly
attack Irisviel, who bide the mansion, once he knew that Saber was fighting alone.
She had finally met up with Kiritsugu, but they are about to be separated again; this get
Irisviel very unsettled. She became more unsettled when she detected the pain and conflict
Kiritsugu hid in his heart. However, shes only a burden if she bide by Kiritsugus side.
After all, meeting with Kiritsugu in the mansion is already a conflict of the rules they agreed on
before.

Irisviel finally felt the root of her anxiety when she coolly thought things through in her heart.
It wasnt because of being separated from Kiritsugu, but because she has to move together
with Maiya. Kiritsugu did originally plan to have Maiya protect Irisviel, but Irisviel still
couldnt get rid of her detest towards Maiya.
But Irisviel wouldnt go against Kiritsugus battle create by mental act due to her personal feelings.
I understand.
In the short time that Irisviel become to nod slightly
?!
A new somesthesia pain appeared in Irisviels magic circuits. This is the information insert back to
her by the enclose field of the forest.
Whats wrong, Iri?
Kiritsugu, its just like you feared. Looks like a new enemy entered the forest.

-130:48:29
Saber sensed the enemys intentions after she defeated three monsters.
She didnt yet know the reason. However, the overly fragile tentacle monsters and Casters
unnatural degree of confidence triggered Sabers instinctive alarm.
After defeating ten, Saber finally confirmed the reason for her unsettledness.
The amount of enemies didnt decrease. No matter how many she defeats, new enemies
would emerge. Casters summoning magecraft continuously called for stimulation from
other worlds.
Even so, it didnt matter; Saber silently steeled herself. No matter how big the grammatical category of
enemies may man into, all she has to do is to defeat them twice as fast here. Driven by her
boiling morale, Sabers sword sped up in the blink of an eye.
Thirty. Since the enemies didnt decrease a single bit, a flash of anxiety transfer over Sabers
heart.
Fifty. Saber understood that its pointless to count anymore. It wasnt just the hostage
childrens flesh and genealogy that acted as the breeding ground for the demonic monsters  from
her peripheral vision Saber realized that new demonic monsters were born from the defeated
corpses of other monsters. So that was it, no wonder they didnt decrease. Its as if the
defeated demonic monsters are able to be reborn indefinitely.
If so, then this is a competition concerning the amount of stored prana. Saber immediately
slowed her sword when she realized this is going to be a desire battle. She wont ending desire if
she play her sword with everything shes make; she can only use the minimum amount of
strength necessary to trait her hunt.
Casters prana should be definite. Repeatedly summoning and regenerate familiars would
eventually exhaust his prana. The question is whether Saber would be able to ending until then.
Saber once again felt worried with the fact that she cant use her left hand. She has to use
prana bursts to settle her lack in strength when shes only using her right hand to manipulate

her sword. In this situation, any extra spending of prana is a burden heavier than anything
else.
Originally, if she could feel the hilt of this sword with both hands  using one blow of
Excaliber  the Sword of Promised Victory should completely change integrity this filthy trash.
Saber kept fighting with her sword despite her taste remorse. Although over a hundred
monsters have been defeated, Caster was still smiling with ease while envy Sabers
struggling battle. Saber looked at her enemy, who didnt show a single sign of exhaustion,
with shock on her part, and once again noticed the extraordinarily dense amount of prana the
magecraft book in his hands was releasing.
Could it be
Although it was a most pessimistic calculate, but it probably shouldnt be wrong.
It was summoning magecraft that summoned these countless demonic monsters, resurrected
them, and urged them to relentlessly rush towards Sabers sword. And the one reciting the
spell was none other except that book of magecraft.
It isnt merely a put of paper which recording spells. That book is probably a prana furnace
with an incredible ability, a monster that can use magecraft just by its own power. Caster
wasnt reading the spells from the pages of the book, but just freely manipulating that book
which served as a prana source.
Prelatis Spellbook  The Text of the Spiralled Sunken Citadel  it is indeed a terrifying
Noble Phantasm. Had Irisviel been Sabers proper Master, she should have seen through his
abilities the first time she met Caster and recognized that the opponent is an extremely
dangerous Servant with an ability to change the power of his Noble Phantasm. Had she knew
of it, Saber would definitely not have fallen so easily into his trap and locked in a dragging
battle with Caster even if shes scorned for being a cur; she might have acted more
prudently.
No  regret is a display of weakness.
Saber yelled to herself. A chessman that fought for honor and glory can not be allowed to retreat
before evils such as Caster. If so, then she would be giving up on the greatest strength and
weapon at her act  the heart of justice that idea in her holy sword.
This transport back memories, Jeanne. Its all just like back then.

Caster, wearing a trance-like expressive style as if he was gazing at a holy create, looked upon
Sabers increasingly miserable battle.
Even if youre in a dangerous situation overwhelmed by enemies, you never feared, did not
die, and your gaze never doubted your own victory. You are indeed the same. That
noble vigor, that dignified soul, is undoubtedly evidence of the holy maid Jeanne darc. Its
so obvious
Full of nonsense as always, but Saber control the anger filling her heart and concentrated on
killing the sundry weaklings before her. It would only inspire her enemy if she rebuked
him statement by statement.
Why? Why have you still not awakened to the truth? Do you still believe in Gods
protection? Do you think miracles would arrive to save you in such a desperate situation?
How lamentable! Did you forget the battle of Compigne? Forgot Gods trap that pushed you
down from the celestial point of glory to dead person destruction? Do you still permission to remain Gods
puppet even after so much humiliation?
She really wants to block that mouth which is talk nonsense. She really wants to let
him know just what judgment would be transfer onto the sin that hes committed, steal the
lives of children due to his boring vain hopes  but even as she thought that, her sword cant
touch him at all. Saber was stopped by the wall of demonic monsters that overwhelmed her
tenfold and twentyfold. Her distance from Caster was too great.
Saber switch into a dismiss gap but a tentacle behind her wrapped itself around her head.
Although she reflexively stretched out her hand to intrigue it before it wrapped around her, her
left hand, with its thumb completely out of her control, move powerlessly across the skin of
the tentacle.
Uuuu
And as soon as Saber stopped, all of her field of view was completely covered by the wall of
tentacles. She can only use a prana jump to blow them apart. But this many of them
In the blink of an eye, a golden red lightning cover past, and pushed back that alien horde.
In front of Saber, who was gasping after her bondage were move off, a tall figure dressed in
duck armor entered her sight.
How unsightly, Saber. If your swordplay cant get anymore awe-inspiring, then the title of
the King of Knights would cry out for help.

This handsome man, whose beauty is almost a sin, gave a stunning look to Saber standing
dumbly aside. Only because of her magic resistance ability can she endure this alluring gaze.
Logical Relation to the burning brilliance of his two spears, Diarmuid ua Duibhnes smile seemed
incomparably sweet and refreshing.
Lancer, why
But Casters surprise was much greater than Sabers.
Who are you!? Who gave you the approval to dare disturb me!
Thats what I was going to say, outcast devil.
Lancer stared coolly at the provoked Caster, and pointed the top of the short transfix in his left
hand towards him.
Its because you are so insolent; Sabers head is destined to be the award hung beneath my
transfix. Your act of stealing my fruit of victory is an impudent and despicable thing to do on
the battlefield.
Nonsense! Nonsense nonsense nonsense --!!
Caster make his head, swell out his eyes, and get weird sounds in his throat.
My prayers! My Holy Grail! They were all to let that woman reawaken! She is mine
every piece of flesh, every drop of genealogy, and even that soul are all mine!!
But Lancer wasnt overwhelmed by Caster at all; he shrugged his shoulders and become a deep
sigh.
You listening? Im the one who wounded Sabers left hand. Only I have the right to accomplishment
her single-handed liability.
Slowly, Lancer lifted up the guidance of the twin spears by his sides, and become his unique
double-transfix stance. Standing in front of Saber, it was as if he shielded the King of Knights
behind his back.
Oi, Caster, Im not meddling in your love concern. If you are set to make Saber succumb to
you and take her away, feel free to do it. Only that
A burning and yet desolate resolution provide the handsome soldiers eyes as he proclaimed.

Dont even think about putting aside Diarmuid. I wont ever allow you to defeat the
single-handed Saber! If you dont back down, then from now on my spears would act as
Sabers left hand.
Now that she thought about it, this is the second time that Saber looked at the spearmans
back in this fashion. Ending night, as she faced Berserkers furious attacks, Lancer also
interact in this way. Is all this just to finish all of his accountancy with her, who once crossed
swords with him?
Lancer, you
Dont get me wrong, Saber.
Lancers sharp glance stopped Saber from continuing.
My Masters commands for me today are only about defeating Caster. There are no orders
concerning you. Because of that, I elicit that the best thing to do would be fighting
together. What do you think?
Lancers words arent exactly an explanation of why he arrived to help out Sabers crisis.
This spearman didnt need to do this. He could have chosen the moment when Caster is
completely interest in dealing with Saber, and crochet around to Casters back to launch a
surprise attack.
Saber didnt question him why. She just nodded at Lancer, who had a hint of a smile on the
pharyngeal recess of his mouth, and stood at his right.
Saber no longer paid any attention towards the left, but held her sword and faced her right.
Right now, she has the most trustworthy left arm.
Ill just get this clear  Lancer, just my left hand alone would be able to defeat a hundred
such small potato.
Huh, thatd be easy. You can just be left-handed for today.
The two Heroic Spirits act with each other and sprang toward the gathered demonic
monsters. The holy sword and two demonic spears cleaved apart the mass of tentacles that
stretched towards them from all directions.
Unforgivable enough with your have, puny man!

The magecraft book in Casters hand throbbed weirdly as if bolster his make noise; pages
engage by themselves continuously. All of sudden, the amount of demonic monsters that
emerged multiply. The mass of tentacles that looked as if they will die out the forest
surged towards Saber and Lancer.
The fiercer, more tragic second act of the battle began.

-130:45:08
It was pure luck that Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald captured Casters figure in his sight in
Fuyuki.
Although he was dumbfounded upon learn that figure in a inky black cloak, obviously
from the wrong era, walk casually along the suburban streets at night, Kayneth began his
chase when he saw Caster stopping a small truck that transfer by, gave hypnotic suggestions at
the driver, and then sat in it with the children as if it was a kindergarten trip.
A battle between Servants can only be conducted away from other people; however, the truck
carrying Caster was incidentally driving towards the remote mountains far from the city.
Kayneth snickered as this suited his purpose perfectly, but began to hesitate when he realised
their destination is the Einsbern forest.
Hes already heard of the Einsbern territory near Fuyuki when he conducted work
beforehand. Since it is a territory of magi, it would therefore have its matching enclose field,
achieve it a location where others would find it hard to battle with an advantage. Despite that,
leaving aside the true reason for Caster to specially travel here  his intention of challenging
the power of the Einsberns is obvious. If so, then maybe theres a chance to gain something
in the battle. Kayneth get up his mind, and stepped into the forest with Lancer.
Just as he thought, Caster began fighting Saber, who materialized to counter his assault. From
his be speech and acts it can be seen that Caster, already roaming, is acting alone, but
Sabers Master still didnt appear. He probably elicit that he can protect himself alone
even if he doesnt stay beside his Servant since this is in his territory, and decided to observe
the battle in his headquarters away from the frontline.
So Kayneth decided on his own strategies.

He ordered Lancer to assault Caster. For Kayneth, who has already spent one Military Unit Seal,
the reward the supervisor brought up concerning defeating Caster is something hed do
anything to obtain. However, even if he defeats Caster here, it would appear that hes on the
same side as Saber. The Einsbern Master would also be given the extra Military Unit Seal. Its
something that Kayneth definitely doesnt want to see.
Therefore, Kayneth decided to leave Caster to Lancer, and he himself would secretly enter
the Einsbern mansion alone. If he wants to claim Casters head as his own, all he has to do is to
get rid of Sabers Master at the same time.
Although it is a bold challenge, Kayneth has unshakable confidence in himself. No matter
what structure Einsbern had get, hes choice to bet the title of Lord El-Melloi that he is
able to ruin it apart. Hes make to show this kind of spirit if he wants to amend the flee
Sola chastise him for ending night. For Kayneth, the most pressing problem for him right
now is to have his fiance take back her discourtesy.
Kayneth moved toward the depth of the forest as the seething vigor boiled inside him.
Although illusionary magecraft has been copy upon the forest of the enclose field, Kayneths
outstanding knowledge and aptitude allowed him to make precise deductions, and easily
found the location of the central cervical vertebra of the enclose field. It wasnt for nothing that he has
the mighty title of the greatest genius of spirit evocation.
If the magecraft of the Einsberns is only to such a degree, then just how the mansion is defended
is very clear.
Kayneth still had enough ease left to laugh. Although many magecraft whole he brought
from England were lost when the hotel collapsed, his strongest announce card, his Mystic Code,
has always been by his side. Therefore, he didnt feel that his strength in battle weakened at
all.
The trees disadvantage his sight suddenly disappeared, and the antique stone mansion appeared
before Kayneth. So that is it, one would expect no less from these prestigious northern magi;
even a relocated mansion is a building whose magnitude deviated from normality. But Kayneth is also
the son of the prestigious house of Archibald. Even if the castles majesty can steamroller
others, the only sentiment it rose from him was a snort.
Not bad. After Einsbern is dealt with, it wouldnt be bad to take this mansion and make it the
new headquarters

After Kayneth lost the Hyatt hotel set he had obtained an leave factory on the
outskirts of the city as his temporary base, and hid Sola there. Obviously, his fiances mood
couldnt be worse. After all, its an context that Kayneths pride wont tolerate.
If hes decided on this, then he has to stay the destruction of this building at the minimum.
Kayneth laughed presumptuously and placed the large porcelain vase he carried under his
arm on the ground. Once it left his hand, the vase sank deeply into the earth. This vase, which
was under a spell of weight schematization to make it easier to carry, has a true weight
approaching 140 kilograms.
"Fervor, apricot sanguis."
Once he chanted the spell that activated the magecraft, the thing in the vase excrete out from
the mouth. That alcohol, giving off a mirror-like metal sheen, is a large amount of mercury.
Flowing out of the vase as if it is a punish primeval creature, the ten-kilograms-or-so
mercury, shivering, formed a ball.
Among the many of them in his possession, this is the Mystic Code Lord El-Melloi become
pride in  Volumen Hydragyrum  Moon Spirit Cerebrospinal Substance.
"Automatoportum defensio: Automatoportum quaerere: Dilectus incursio."
Following Kayneths low chanting, the surface of the mass of mercury hesitate and rustled as
if answering him, and followed his feet on the ground to approach the gates of the mansion.
Kayneth, who possesses the two attributes water and wind, a feat rare even among magi,
exceed in the art of manipulating motion, which is shared between these two attributes. He thus
created this unique Mystic Code, using mercury provide with magecraft as his weapon, and
controls it at will.
The shapeless mercury, can also be sculpted into any shape
"Scalp!"
As Kayneth yelled, a part of the mercury ball suddenly became a desire and thin riband
continue upwards. Then, the mercury riband savagely shake towards the door like a attack.
As it was about to break even, the mercury attack suddenly compressed itself into a thin edge of only a
few metric linear unit thick, becoming a mercury blade as sharp as a razor. Attacked by this

mercury blade edge, the heavyset bolt was cut in half as smoothly as if it was a piece of curd.
The great gates collapsed inwards with a heavy groan.
Mercury is a heavy liquid in room temperature; when it moves rapidly under high pressure it
would possess a mighty kinetic energy. Moreover, mercury can change into high command such as
beat, spears, and blades at will. Its sharpness can even overwhelm laser rays, outrival
change water fly diner.
Perhaps he carries with him the confidence of an assured victory. Because, in front of Lord
El-Mellois Volumen Hydragyrum, even the most stolid defense wont stand a chance. Be it
metallic element impurity or playing field, nothing is unbreakable.
Kayneth walked leisurely towards the great corridor of the mansion after hes finished with the
obstruction in front of him. The crystal lighting fixture in the corridor emanated brilliant light and the
sculpture floor, polished extremely smooth, had not a single flaw.
Even the air felt extraordinarily still, with only Kayneths presence  of gathering, not a single
person came out to communicate him.
"The ninth head of the Archibald house, Kayneth El-Melloi, asks for an audience!"
Kayneth, with an air of military unit, proclaimed loudly in the leave corridor.
"Magus of the Einsbern! For the Holy Grail that you seek, betting your life and pride, come
out to meet me!"
Despite Kayneths jeer declaration, no one responded. It was as if they werent looking
forward to duel with Kayneth. As though he was get to look foolish, Kayneth sighed, and
walked toward the center of the corridor with heavy steps.
The moment Kayneth arrived at the center of the corridor, the four flower vases placed at the four
corners of the corridor suddenly exploded with an enormous make noise. However, it wasnt porcelain
fragments that flew out from the effusion but countless metal beads. Those metal beads
sprang toward Kayneth like bullets.
This system was constructed free from magecraft. Kayneth didnt sense any scent of
magecraft activation. Therefore, it must be machinery Kiritsugu set up in the vases. It is an
anti-personnel mine called a Broadsword, a cruel pre-set bomb. When each bomb disprove they
will release, simultaneously, 700 or so steel plaything with a diameter of only about one or two
millimeters. These steel balls would issue outwards in all directions in a fan formation, a
terrifying weapon that people say is get to completely destroy paratroops units with one strike.

When it explodes, one wont even have time to escape; the only thing the victim at the center
of the bombs can do is prepare to be sound into a separate.
Of gathering, give that the victim isnt a magus.
In the split of a second before 2800 steel balls reached Kayneth, the spot he was standing on
became enveloped by a silver semi-circle. The mass of mercury lying recumbent beside his
feet suddenly changed influence.
Although the tight, thin mercury axolemma wrapped around Kayneth was barely one
metric linear unit thick, its surface tension reached the strength of steel when act with prana
supply. Out of the rain of beads that the Broadsword reinforce separate not one of them break even
Kayneth. All they did was getting reflected back to the corridor and sledgehammer the equipment in the
room into collection.
This is Volumen Hydragyrum's "change defense" mode. This pre-set magecraft can
automatically respond when Kayneth is threatened, create from raw material a powerful protective membrane
in a split second. This kind of reaction speed can even defend from bullets. It was also this
defense system Volumen Hydragyrum created that protected Kayneth and Sola when the
Hyatt hotel collapsed. The malleable mercury is a perfect weapon that gathered attack and
defense all onto itself, being Kayneths sword and also Kayneths shield.
" Hm."
Kayneth, after he removed the protective membrane and saw the tragic scene around him,
snorted with derision at the baseness of the plot. Even Kayneth, who didn't know
much about military equipments, understood that it wasnt magecraft that assail him but
simply ordinary weapons provide with explosive.
Kayneths mind finally had some idea about the truth concerning the unpleasant experience
ending night.
He doesnt even need to treat it. Among the other six Masters, the only one who wants to
destroy Kayneth more than everyone else is Sabers Master, the Einsberns. However, how
could the magus of the Einsberns, being such a high-born house with eminent standing, use
such a base method? Kayneth, who takes pride in being also from a prestigious family of
mages, found this impossible to believe.

However  now he has to believe this. The one who used explosives to destroy Kayneths
workshop ending night with absolutely despicable methods is hiding in this mansion at this very
moment.
" Fallen so low, Einsbern?"
Kayneth mumbled, with more lamentation than anger in his tone. It probably isnt Sabers
Master himself who used such despicable methods, but some lowly mock they hired
somewhere else. But even so, it is still a very load thing to do. They call in an irrelevant
mock onto this holy battlefield. This is utterly unforgivable.
Fine, then its not a duel anymore, but my venture towards you.
Affect his intent to kill once again, Kayneth walked deeper into the enemys team.
Through the CCD cameras concealed in the main corridor, Kiritsugu meticulously observed the
power of Volumen Hydragyrum, Lord El-Mellois pride.
Using spells to handle mercury for automatic protection  although hes heard about this
before, he never thought that the real thing would have such powerful abilities. Even the
shockwave of the Broadsword reinforce wouldnt beat its defense in speed. If thats the case, then
he cant expect to use firearms to obtain victory.
Although Kiritsugu was very annoyed, he had to admit that this magus indeed possesses
first-rate skills. Actually, when his machination at the Hyatt didnt succeed, he should have
known of this already.
In other words, this is an opponent that Kiritsugu must confront as a "magus."
Right now, to find the enemy hiding in this mansion, Kayneth must be searching all of the
anechoic chamber on the first floor one by one. At the moment Kiritsugu is located at the innermost part
of the second floor. If he acts immediately, he should have enough time to choose a place
advantageous for him to face the enemy.
Kiritsugu analyzed the plan of the mansion in his head as he walked out of his room and towards
the door  his footsteps stopped.
A drop of mercury, like a thread of cobweb, hung in the room keyhole. Although it was only
a tiny bit of mercury, Kiritsugu could still see it sink toward the ground as it left a silver
trail on the surface of the door.

The drop of mercury suddenly stopped moving downwards the moment Kiritsugu saw it.
Then, it return its tracks, retreated back through the keyhole as if it was alive, and
disappeared.
" So thats what it is; an automated search."
Immediately following Kiritsugu's taste words, a ray of silver light sprang up from below the
shop's carpet.
In the blink of an eye, a circle was cut out on the floor at the center of the room and fall to the
ground below. Then a silver tentacle leapt up from that circular hole.
In front of Kiritsugu, Volumen Hydragyrums new shape was like a metallic aegina.
Endless tentacles grabbed the edge of the opening on the floor and their base, in the middle of
the tentacles opening out like an union, was expanded into a flat, containerful-like platform. And
the one standing on the platform and smiling was none other than Lord El-Melloi.
"I finally found you. Little mouse"
Before the triumphant Kayneth ordered the mercury to attack, Kiritsugu had already drawn
the Calico submachine gun from his waist holster and opened fire.
Change State immediately, Volumen Hydragyrum speedily formed a protective membrane in
front of Kayneth and blocked all the might of a rain of 9mm bullets. It become only a few
seconds to empty fifty bullets.
But its preciously those few short seconds that gave Kiritsugu more than enough time to
plainsong his spell.
"Time alter  double accel!"
Following the pronounced spell, the prana inside Kiritsugu began to gallop at light speed.
"Scalp!"
Kayneth gave the act of death the moment Kiritsugus firing ceased.
The two mercury whips that leapt up following his voice flew towards the animal in front of
them with a extremity formation, attacking from the left and right.
"Hm!?"

It was Kayneth who gave an rhetorical device of surprise.
The moment the two silver whips were just about to break even the victim, Kiritsugu dodged the silver
whips attack with an almost unbelievable speed and quickly leapt below the Volumen
Hydragyrum, on which Kayneth was standing  into the hole on the ground that the mercury
blade just cleaved out.
Kiritsugus speed was so fast that human eyes couldnt see his movements clearly. No matter
how you think about it, it shouldnt be a physical feat ordinary people can perform. Although
Kayneth did feel he was a bit careless, he wasnt too surprised with this strange change
happening in front of his eyes. After all, this is the battle between magi that overrides
ordinary rules. It wouldnt be odd even if a little mouse mixed into it possesses extraordinary
abilities.
"Oh? Also know a little bit about magecraft?"
Although a small smile transfer across Kayneths face, the intent to kill was already within his
heart. Whether he is an ordinary mouse or not, even if hes had some teaching in magecraft,
he is still a lowly man who used blemish means. Such actions, which humiliate magi, can not be
respect.
"Scum Ill make you know what death tastes like."
Kayneth engage the reverse of his coat and leapt down to the first floor. Then, Volumen
Hydragyrum removed its jellyfish shape and slowly fall down too.
"Emotion: Sanctio!"
The temperature thin tentacles backscatter after receiving his orders, and once again scanned
through the entire first floor. The mercury immediately confirmed the location of the victim.
Approaching that location following the tracks of the return mercury, a sliver of a
bloodthirsty smile emerged on Kayneths lips.

Kiritsugu, pass the gallery, felt that his whole body was being devoured by the after
effects of using his magecraft.
The ability he used to dodge Kayneths Mystic Code just then wasnt a basic physical
enchantment. It was an advanced magecraft with a greater range of facility  and obviously
with far stronger side effects.

The ability to separate the passage of time inside a designated space from the "motion of time"
in the outside world; in some ways, Time Influence can be regarded as a type of Reality
Marble. Although it is assign as a greater magecraft, it is definitely not "magic" which
cannot be duplicate. Compared to "time apposition", which can reverse cause and effect
and change the past, this is merely the magecraft of "time organic process" that can stagnate the
time that had transfer and accelerate the time in the future. Therefore, it is not a magecraft of
extraordinary difficulty.
The only problem one needs to consider is the magnitude of the enclose field and the scope of time
that needs to be modified.
Kiritsugus root, the Emiya family, spent generations researching and seeking the magecraft
that controls time. The magic crests existing on Kiritsugus back inherited the fruits of
consult from generations of men. But the amount of prana one needs to spend and the rituals
needed in preparation to activate this kind of magecraft rivals in magnitude with the greater
magecrafts. Therefore, it has to be prepared and used strategically. For Kiritsugu, who get
up his strategies to just survive on the battlefield, it was originally a rather useless
inheritance.
However, to use the "time control" ability hes inherited at the maximum, Kiritsugu created a
flexible way of utilizing this magecraft at a very small scale.
A method that kept the scope of the enclose field within the clinician body get it
easier to establish a Reality Marble. Although it is impossible to completely get the flesh
from the outside world, it can minimize the affect the outside world has on the body. Within
this minimal enclose field, he "change" just a few seconds of time; this is the magecraft that
Emiya Kiritsugu created, Innate Time Control.
For example, when he fought Kayneth just then, Kirtsugu "sped up" his genealogy motion,
haemoglobin organic process, and pass movement all at the same time. All thats left is to use
his quick reaction time to dodge the attack after he easily predicted the track the mercury
whips would take. Kiritsugu is capable of accomplishing physical feats impossible for
ordinary humans after he change the time inside his body.
The biggest problem for this magecraft is the huge burden on the body.
The craft of time modification inevitably creates errors between the time within and without
the enclose field. This error would immediately be balance by natural forces when the
enclose field is removed. That is, the "worlds own adjustment". Of gathering, this adjustment
can only happen where "errors have occurred", which means inside Kiritsugus enclose field

his physical body. Adjustments have occurred in his flesh to get back in sync with the
normal time motion.
Death is the accompanying hazard born from using magecraft, but Innate Time Control is
above all Kiritsugu's riskiest technique. Just now, it was as though he was rope walking
while his flesh was being tear.
Compared to Kayneth's unrestricted magecraft, Kiritsugus ability is not powerful. But this
doesnt mean Kiritsugu has no chances of victory now. Because the best chance Kayneth had
at killing Kiritsugu  the strike just then  had already been missed. Although Kayneth may
have not realized it, for Kiritsugu it was his biggest mistake. Kayneth had already exposed
the true influence of his Mystic Code, and also gave Kiritsugu the chance to treat it. After that,
its "hunting time" for the Magus Killer.
As he ran, Kiritsugu exchanged the helical magazine on the Calico for a new one. The bullet
in the Contender were also changed into a normal one. Its still a bit early to use the final
killing move. He needed to make Kayneth even more in order to kill the enemy with one
strike.
Lord El-Mellois mercury Mystic Code change attack and defense, and also possessed the
ability to search out enemies. However, Kiritsugu had already spotted the flaw in this
magecraft with its three advantages.
First, its ability to search for enemies
Kiritsugu suddenly stopped as he turned a corner, and hid in the shadow of a pillar. The
mercury wasnt just approaching from behind him, but spreading silently over the entire
corridor and getting closer and closer. Most likely, the mercury tentacles were spreading out
into a giant web, and coat off all of Kiritsugus eject.
Using liquid metal as a sensory tool  how is it passing the perceived information back?
There are no specialized senses such as sight, smell, taste, which is why Kayneth can control
it so fluently. Therefore those ways of channel are out.
The most probable would be through touch. But when Kiritsugu was discovered at the second
floor his location was locate without him achieve contact with the mercury.
However, if the mercury is extremely sensitive to touch, then itd be able to make opinion
based on vibrations in the air. It should also be able to sense differences in air temperature
and find a heat source.

Kiritsugu chuckled as he stared at the mercury web approaching from all directions. That
thing doesnt have eyes. Therefore, if he twist his heart beat, breathing and body
temperature, he can make his existence completely transparent.
"Time alter  Triple stagnate."
Following the chanting of the spell, Kiritsugus field of view suddenly became very bright.
Of gathering, the outer world didnt make any changes; its just his delusion. While Kiritsugus
optic nerves indicate whatever he saw, his arcus received three times the light a persons
eyes would normally receive.
The time control this time is the exact opposite of the change physical speed back then.
Kiritsugu slowed his biological processes to one third of its normal speed. His breathing
flip, and his heart beat slowed and stagnated until he could barely feel it himself. Also,
due to his metabolism having stopped, his body temperature change state quickly, cooling down
until it is not much different from the temperature of the outside air.
The mercury flew abnormally quickly and anxiously in front of Kiritsugu, who was as still as
a sculpture. As he expected, the mercury couldnt detect him now. Kiritsugus shallow breathing
and slow heart beat was muddled with the sound of the natural world. The mercury can no
longer recognize the current processes of Kiritsugus body using the standards of a human.
The searching mercury web speedily retreated after it deducted that there are no signs of the
enemy, speculate its steps. The sound of footsteps on the marble floor followed. Since he
thought no one is here, Kayneth walked on without taking any circumspection
"Release Alter!"
The brightness of his sight and the sharpness of his hearing returned to normal in the blink of
an eye. Kiritsugus heart also began to beat extremely quickly; all the genealogy tube in his
body ill health as if they are going to jump. Within his body, genealogy motion was adapt to go up to
three times its original speed. In fact, there must be injure forming somewhere on his body
due to internal empty average from jump capillaries.
But Kiritsugu already leapt out from behind the pillar before his body had fully adjusted.
When Kayneth, who just arrived at the corridor, reacted, Kiritsugu was about fifteen metric linear unit
away. He immediately opened fire with the Calico in his left hand at the magus whose eyes
widened in surprise.

Although Kayneth was shocked, the Volumen Hydragyrum still show its abilities
accurately and loyally this time. The protective membrane opened up in the blink of an eye
and again blocked the storm of 9mm bullets. Everything was like a replay of the scene before.
" Idiot. These are just boring tricks!"
Although he was at a loss with the unexpected ambush, Kayneth, earth within the protective
membrane, couldnt help but laugh when he discovered that the attack was a shooting as
unthreatening as the ending time. But he didnt know that the opponent he was mocking had also
figured out the weakness of his automated defense.
Before the Calico stopped firing, Kiritsugus free right hand had already remove out the
Contender and fired a shot at center of the expanded, semi-circular mercury membrane.
Volumen Hydragyrum had already change to the best physical shape to protect against the
Calico. However, the initial velocity of the 30-06 Springfield is 2.5 times higher than the
9mm bullets, and its destructive power seven times the latter.
Kiritsugu had completely seen through the speed of Volumen Hydragyrum, which came from
pressure. Although a spatter of mercury can quickly spread out into a membrane faster than a
bullet through hydraulic pressure, it is impossible to quickly go back to a blob from a
membrane using pressure alone. That is the limit of hydrodynamics.
Therefore, when another sudden massive force is launch against it, the mercury cant react
quickly and influence a powerful defense
A big hole was thrust right through the mirror-smooth surface of the mercury membrane.
Judging from Kayneths wails inside, the Springfield bullet has break even the victim.
However, he couldnt even aim at the victim earth behind physical condition. Therefore, it was
already lucky for him to break even the other man; he couldnt at all expect this attack to give the
other a fatal wound.
Kayneths wails also quickly turned into angry profanity, then
"Scalp!"
Following a make noise full of the intent to kill, the mercury unleashed a killing move.

Kiritsugu faced the silver whips shout towards him with ease. He didnt even need to
activate Innate Time Control this time. There were more than ten metric linear unit between him and
Kayneth now. Such a far distance was more than enough.
Kiritsugu remove back just a bit; you can't break even what you can't reach, and the mercury blade
only managed to cut the hem of his flowing coat.
Volumen Hydragyrums characteristics can be grasped by just observing its attacks once.
Despite being a very fast attack, it is comparatively simple.
When mercury is in the shape of a attack it is the base that controls its extremely quick attacks,
but the push virtually has no power. The power of the blade is basically formed through
centrifugal force. For someone as experienced as Kiritsugu in melee combat, the path this
kind of attacks would take is easy to predict. This is also the characteristics of controlling
mercury with pressure. Only parts with a large mass can fully exert its power, while the
strength slowly gets weaker towards the push end. Kiritsugu had already analyzed this
weakness of its when he realized the mercury ends that stretched far from the original mass to
search for enemies arent as agile as the cutting whips.
Kiritsugu was running before the opponent could continue to attack. Itd be great if the
opponent began to chase him immediately, but if the other man didnt chase him and stopped
instead to treat the gun wound hes just received, then that means the previous mock still
wasnt enough.
The blow that understand the protective membrane was the first and the ending. Volumen
Hydragyrums defense would become firmer once it harmonize the Contestant power, which is
completely different from that of the Calico. In future attacks, all appearance of defense should be
able to block the Springfield bullet as well. Kayneth would certainly utilize all his prana to
exercise the mercurys defense.
It wouldnt be good if he did that.
Kiritsugu, enduring the pain bathe his body, opened the Contender's chamber and
remove out the empty cartridge as he ran. This time, he slipped in a magecraft bullet.
Kayneth would definitely utilize all the prana he has in his body to happen Kiritsugus next
strike. The previous strike was conducted using the normal bullet just to entice him to be
alert.

If things go according to plan  Kayneth is drive himself the greatest of accent. All that's
left is to find the way to shove him in, and enclose him with Kiritsugu's own hands.
The Magus Killer's "hunt" is about to reach its climax.

Act 7 
-130:44:57
Reminiscing, this is the first time she felt uneasy since Irisviel stepped onto the grounds of
Fuyuki.
She realizes once again the importance of Saber, who bide by her side constantly. The
quiet confidence and tolerance emanating from her lithe frame gave Irisviel much statement.
It was not that Hisau Maiya, Sabers replacement to accompany her is untrustworthy as a
guard; Kiritsugu also held Maiyas abilities in high stare, and she is not being suspicious of
her.
So what is the reason for this strange anxiety?
Leaving the mansion due to a strategic retreat, there was absolutely no dialogue between the two
walking in the forest of the enclose field. True, Maiya didnt appear to be the type who
enjoyed banter, but her carry through silence seemed too heavy for Irisviel.
Would Maiya answer if she is spoken to first? Trying once probably wont do much harm.
Currently, the two are within a safe climatic zone, discriminate from battle and not in a precarious situation
where silence needed to be record.
If so, then she is going to gather her spirit and open her mouth  but because she didnt
know what to say, Irisviel once again checked herself forcefully.
The things she wanted to ask were piled as high as mountains. Meeting Kiritsugu; memories
of time spent with him. Kiritsugus honesty in Maiyas eyes no matter what the question is
she wanted to know the answer. But Irisviel felt hesitant to ask any one of them.
Hisau Maiya knew the Kirtsugu she did not know.
If the answer average from Maiyas mouth had enough force to break the image of her
husband in Irisviels heart
No, such a thing is impossible. There is no evidence to deny it in such a way. For Irisviel, the
short structure of nine years since their initial meeting was the whole of Kiritsugu.

The silence continued as her mind circled about irritably. Though the atmosphere was clearly
awkward, Maiya continued to move as she ignored it completely.
Clearly, I am not apt at handling this woman
As she hung her head and sighed deeply, a warning cover inside Irisviels head.
--!?
With a face full of surprise, Maiya looked at Irisviel, whose whole body suddenly stiffened.
Whats the matter, woman?
Another new intruder. Slightly ahead of our position. Well meet if we continue onward.
The situation was only to be expected. Maiya nodded calmly.
Then, let letter slowly topology around. It will be very safe if we looped from here towards the
north.

Irisviel, concentrating in her current efforts to read on the invader with the magecraft of
clairvoyance, did not respond immediately.
Clad in pitch-black gown, the tall figure was intimidating. His short hair and serious
demeanor appears exactly like the photographs found in the assets that Kiritsugu
take.
Its Kirei Kotomine.
Compared to her statement, Irisviel is more surprised by the change in Maiyas expressive style as
she get her report.
Always icy and expressionless, she is a woman whose emotions are impossible for anyone to
detect. She had thought previously that Maiyas heart must have been truly cold and cruel to
her core This is the first time Irisviel saw Maiyas expressive style. It was mark with anxiety and
fury. What she saw was completely different from fear, but a sense of capture. Her fear
was probably not Kirei, but instead the fact that Kirei appeared in such a situation.

As she find out this point, Irisviel understood. Though the process was brusque, Irisiviel,
however, finally understood the mind of Hisau Maiya.
Miss Maiya, the orders you accepted from Kiritsugu is to ensure my safety, correct?
Correct, but
But what? Youre thinking this is the only man whom I cannot allow to interact with
Kiritsugu, right?
Smiling slyly, Irisviel pointed out her thoughts. Maiya was temporarily produce speechless.
Madam, you
Incidentally, I have the exact same opinion as you.
Kirei Kotomine. The man who is probably the greatest threat to Kiritsugu. Maiyas response
upon merely hearing his name persuade it self-evident.
Even though Irisviel was a homunculus, she fall in love, fulfilled that sentiment and even
became a abbess. Thus, she obtained the sixth sense that humans have but homunculi can
never understand  that is, a adult intuition.
Let the two of letter stop Kirei here. Is that alright, Miss Maiya?
After a brief moment of hesitation, Maiya nodded her head with a strange expressive style on her
face.
My deepest apologies. But please prepare yourself, madam.
No problems. Dont worry about me. You carry out your task. Not the orders Kiritsugu gave,
but act on the things you think are necessary.
Yes.
Come to think of it, perhaps she had already suspected. That was why she was afraid to
confirm it.
Now, Irisviel understood. The reason why shes been avoiding Maiya was not that she was
afraid of her, but she was afraid to know her heart.

She was afraid of the truth that she wasnt the only woman who cares about Emiya
Kiritsugu.
Irisviel cannot help but to laugh in the utterance that came with the approaching deathmatch.
Pulling out her Calico submachine gun, Maiya gave her a glance of surprise.
Whats the matter?
The human heart is truly an amazing thing.
Play her life for Kiritsugu  the fact that there is another woman with such
predetermination other than herself.
Clearly, the answer is supposed to be startle. However, now  such a truth get her feel
infinitely at ease.



For Kirei Kotomine, it is not difficult for him to estimate Irisviels side and their plan of action.
All the other Masters are setting Caster as their targets, while Caster has his eyes set on Saber.
Therefore, there was no need for specific movements. The best strategy is to make carry through
preparations to confront an attack in the home base and wait for the opponents to arrive.
Therefore, there was no need for a search. The Einsbern Forest in the disfavor of Fuyuki
it should not be unused at this time. Emiya Kiritsugu should be still there.
Of gathering, Kirei never planned to enter battle himself. There was a high chance of the eastern
side of the forest becoming a major battleground. It would make sense for their enemies from
Fuyuki to attack from that direction.
Thus, Kirei hung around the western edges, waiting for battle to be joined. He also minimize
his gamble on the chance that  if battle really started on the eastern side as he predicted, then he
can launch a surprise attack on the mansion from its opposite direction.
He released Assassin into the forest as scouts in spirit influence. With the ability of presence
concealment, Assassin is able to enter the enclose field without being detected. Though

they cannot go near the mansion, they were still able to observe the battle around the outer felloe
of the forest.
And  as predicted, the battle between Caster and Saber begun on the eastern side of the
forest. Whats more, and lucky for Kirei, Einsbern only engaged with the Servant alone,
while the Master bide earth behind closed gates. Assassins report was an excellent
opportunity for Kirei.
If Kiritsugu was hired by Einsbern to be a hunting dog, then he should be guarding the
Master who was defenceless and far from her Servant. Now its an excellent chance for Kirei
to force them into a dead end.
Even though Assassin immediately warn him to the fact that Lord El-Melloi was also
advancing towards the mansion, Kirei did not hesitate. Instead, he felt anxious. If Kiritsugu died
by Kayneths hand, then it would be impossible for Kirei to carry through his purpose. Thus,
Kirei prepared for the worst case scenario of being forced to confront Kayneth and advanced
rapidly in the forest.
Also, depending on situation, there was also a possibility of Einsbern foreswear the mansion in
order to escape. Thus, it is obvious that the path of retreat will be the direction away from the
eastern battlefield where the Servants were currently battling. If that happened, then there
was a good chance of confront Kirei.
Just to be safe, Kirei begin his battle preparations early  As such, he reacted dexterously to
the unexpected murderous intent.
Within half a breath he ducked and dodged a hailstorm of bullets, which howled above his
head like thunder. Sometimes, even serviceman of many battles would suffer morale and
judgment capabilities when surprised by a machine gun. However, such events are mere
exceptions to the Killer of the Holy Church. Kirei didnt even ruin a sweat as he
analyzed the situation calmly.
There is a single opponent present. Judging from the sound of gunfire, it was a submachine
gun with a barrel beam under 9mm. Because the handgun bullets lacked the ability to
penetrate tree body part, its threat destroy was significantly lower than that of the sniper rifle in the
forest.
Solve the opponents position through the location of the gunfire, Kirei express two Black
Keys. However, logical relation to expected results, he only heard the sounds of blades piercing tree
trunks.

Mm?
The murderous edge of the kill returned to raid him, lie the surprised Kirei.
Once more, the sound of gunfire appeared. This time from his left. Though he dodged it at the
ending second, this play was considerably more dangerous than the volley above. The
conclusion he previously reached concerning the enemy exist of only one person slightly
slowed his reaction.
The position of the second gunshot was completely different. It was too fast for movement.
Although, if there were two serviceman from the start, it was entirely possible to take out Kirei if
a interlock crossfire was used.
Amidst his confusion, he sensed again four more impression. Kirei quickly placed two black
keys in each hand, four black keys in total and positioned himself as new faculty cover
in his brain.
That means  an illusion?
It wasnt impossible. He was deep into the forests enclose field. A enclose field includes
illusion. In addition, if there was a magus present who could control illusions, it was entirely
possible to cause delusions to the lone victim, Kirei.
Was the unseen sniper really just a single person? Does this mean the one who controlled the
illusion was the same? Or does this mean that there was someone else responsible for
support
Regardless, before the insight of a counter to the illusion, he could only follow his
opponents beats per minute. Kirei remove out four black keys, throwing them simultaneously towards
the four directions.
-As anticipated, there was no sign of contact anywhere.
Kirei, annoyed at the fruitless activity walk his frustration. At the same time, the bullet
achieve a direct break even on his back.
The third gunshot had even no scent that he could sense. That is to say, the first two attacks
were create feints in order to demoralize Kirei. In theory, if an illusionary trap could control
fake suggestion of murderous intents, it should be also possible to seal the true killing intent behind
it.

Without even time to howl in pain the tall, dress figure fall face first, his feet tangled. There
was neither a spasm nor moans of pain.
Has she pierced the spine and killed him instantly? Maiya, calculate as such, stood up from
her cut location as she pointed the Calico at the prone Kirei and approached him
cautiously.
- Miss Maiya, no!
Irisviel, sensing a trap, shouted a warning. But it was too late.
Kirei, insist his position, did not stand up. Instead, he express a earth Black Key with a
single swing of his arms. From the lower trajectory, the black key ripped apart Maiyas right
young mammal, taking away her opportunity for the next action.
Like a unwrap, Kirei mechanically leapt as he suddenly charged toward Maiya. Fearlessly,
Maiya pressed the trigger.
But Kirei only protected his head; he didnt bother dodging. Even the case of the monks
cheat were get from thick Kevlar stalk. It was covered seamlessly with the Churchs
special protection spells. 9mm caliber pistol rounds, even at extremely close distances, cannot
pierce it. Even then, the strikes from 250 foot-cypriot monetary unit bullets, firing at 10 rounds per second,
struck Kireis body like metal cricket equipment. However, he was able to completely protect his organs
and bones because of his well-trained system that acted like armor.
Sensing that Kirei was bulletproof from head to top, Maiya immediately shake the Calico
and remove out the combat knife located near her helping. Kevlar, though protective against
shooting, was very vulnerable to the cutting of a sharp blade. If her gun was useless, she
could only survive through melee combat.
As the hailstorm of bullets stopped, Kirei remove out another pair of Black Keys with his
hands. He reduce at Maiya with a structure shaped movement. Except, Maiya was not slowed in
the slightest by her wounded right foot, and she deflected the continuous strikes of the Black
keys with her heavy dagger.
Even though the edge of the Black Key was far longer than the dagger, it was still a modified
throwing weapon. In close combat the Black Key, due to its extreme length, lacked balance;
Maiyas large dagger, due to its versatile universe, possessed overwhelming advantage.
Victory is still possible ---!

Maiya suddenly charged forward in what seemed to be a half-suicidal move. The Black Keys
should have a very difficult time defending against such an attack, and even if she was struck
in retaliation, the chances of being seriously wounded were low.
With the Black Key in his right hand, Kirei blocked Maiyas dagger hand for hand. Perhaps
he was relying on the length of the blade for a counter attack  the mark blades
shadow move forward, its edge poised to strike.
Maiya, act the attack, easily dodged the attack. Simply moving her head a little,
the push of the Black Key missed her as she barged into her opponents embrace.
Yet, just when Maiya believed that victory was at hand, her gaze was drawn to Kireis
unusual movements.
The point to a traverse counterattack is that the crossed hands  the right hand, where
Kirei should have held the Black Key was empty. As he lunged forward, he leave his
weapon.
That is to say, Kireis right hand never had the intention of using the Black Key to pierce
Maiya in the first place Like a fasten, the veiny digit grabbed Maiyas right hand.
Snakelike, the tall black-robe twisted his body deftly, and descend beneath Maiyas right arm.
In the next instant, as if supporting someone who is wounded, Kirei carried Maiyas right arm
with the back of his shoulder.
The holy order who wielded the Black Keys  she was deceive by her disadvantage first press.
In deadly despair, the helpless Maiya finally understood. This movement is Asian kungfu,
Metallic Element ji quan.
At the same time Kireis side pressed close to Maiyas waist. Using his left elbow to land a
blow at Maiyas heart as simultaneously, a brilliant strike from his left foot struck Maiyas
supporting leg.
An amazing completion of Six grand opening  elbow rise. As he grabbed the hand
holding the dagger, all the actions are fill in an instant. A dance band worthy of the soul of
Ba ji quan  combining offense and defense.
Maiya could not even move as she fall heavily to the ground. Due to the extreme destroy of
contact, the paralyzed Maiya thought she had displace both her arms and legs.

Subconsciously, she could only feel the sharp pain in her chest after it had been struck by the
elbow. She probably had broken two, or three support.
Even though a single strike was capable of injure Maiya. Kirei, however, was satisfied.
Since now he knew Kiritsugus location, Kirei did not need to grant her any mercy. As he
clenched his fist  ready to deliver the death-blow  at that time, he saw something that get
him doubt his eyes.
The embarrassed Maiya was also surprised. It was already agreed upon, that prior to battling
Kirei, Irisviel will only be supporting her from a earth location. But she  Irisviel, who,
except for magic, should have no other type of self-defense gently floated from the hair
and stood lie Kirei.
Madam, no!
Now, Maiya shake away all her regret and excess. To her, compared to her own
hazard, more serious question was the threat now to Irisviel.
If Kiritsugu were to suffer his wife now  as someone who swore to protect him, there can be
no hazard thats more despairing.
To Kirei, this situation was hard to comprehend.
He knew that Irisiviel and her family were not apt at using combat magic due to their
career in alchemy. During the previous three Heavens Feels, they were helplessly
defeated during the first rounds. Perhaps, that was also the reason for these northern magi
being nearly useless in actual combat. Judging from the fact that they found the mercenary
Kiritsugu, they must have reflected upon the provision.
Thus, in the situation where the female preserver lay fallen on the ground, isnt this most
unlikely situation - the fact that the Einzbern familys Master appearing alone in front of
Kirei?
Kirei was fairly certain that the silver-haired girl in front of him was Sabers master. If
she shaping tool, then the Einzbern camp will undoubtedly be defeated.
This woman should be the key piece that must escape no matter what the cost is.
Woman, you may be surprised, but my reason for average here is not to defeat you.

Before the enemy Master, the statement is cognition to abandoning battle. Even though it is
unlikely that his opponent will believe him, at least Kirei get the attempt to negotiate. This
new developing was too far from what he had hoped for  meeting with Kiritsugu on the
battlefield was his real goal. Compared to that goal, the situation of the Heavens Feel can
only play second embezzle.
Of gathering, he didnt expect his opponents to believe his words I understand, Kirei Kotomine.
-Because he did not anticipate the belief of the body. The silver-haired over reply
only get Kirei more confused.
I know why youre here. Although, this is not negotiable. You cannot reach kiritsuguwe
will stop you. Here.

To Irisviel, it was a good thing that the exorcist looked confused. The opponent clearly
underestimated her, and his carelessness was her chance at victory. Perhaps, he knew the
specialty behind Einzberns magic, and figured out that she was not a combat magician.
Irisviel remove out the secret weapon earth in her large sleeves. At first glance, it was no
magic, but rather an unreliable item. A soft and thin metallic flower arrangement of conductor suspend lightly
between her digit.
Madam, this man is an executor  an expert magus hunter! This is not an opponent that can
be faced with only magic!
Maiya, suppressing her pain, screamed on the ground. In response, Irisviel only smiled
quietly.
"The things I learned from Kiritsugu, aren't operating a car only!"
As Maiya watched speechlessly and Kirei observed in surprise, Irisviel supply mana into the
metallic guide. The thin threads became disentangle and moved between Irisviel hands like a
living organism.
Kireis understanding was half correct. The Einzbern family possessed magic that was
create to forge, create, and more importantly, use matter. Kiritsugu could not have taught

her any offensive magic. Originally, if one went solely by magical ability, Irisviel was far
superior to her husband. Thus, Kiritsugu could not have taught her magic.
What he taught her was not how the homunculus lived. Rather, it was to use tears, laughter,
emotion and anger to sing about life  the meaning of the statue to live.
In addition, he also taught her the conclude to live on.
Kireis understanding was also half-wrong. Irisviel already had a method of turning her
magic into offensive purposes as a battle state. It was something she learned from her
husband, who always lived for battle  if she was to live on with him, she must face the test
of survival one day. Thus, she will also need to face battle.
Shape ist Leben! (From Middle High German: "Shape is life!") [Furigana change of location: "Shape, design
life!"]
Through two small talk, weaving the magic in one breath. The control of metallic shapes
was Irisiviels true ability.
This secret was peerless.
The silvery thread mark as it drew into complex shapes. It mark, combined, like
a weaved piece of art as it become on a complex solid shape. Using a giant eagle as base, it
appeared as an intricate silvery work of art.
The silvery thread mark as it drew into complex shapes. It mark, combined, like
a weaved piece of art as it become on a complex solid shape. Possessing fierce wings and mouth,
and sharp claws. Using a giant eagle as base, it appeared as an intricate silvery work of art.
No, wait, this was not a mere frameworkkyeeeee!!
Like the sound of a metallic blade scratching, the eagle get out of silver threads shout
and flew from Irisviel's hands. It was created by an alchemy-using homunculus on the spot. It
was a weapon given life by Irisviel, whose fate listen in the balance.
The bulletlike flight far surpassed Kireis imagination. Surprised, he dodged the attack, but
the razor-sharp strike still touch past his nose.

As the first strike missed, the silver thread eagle started to circle above Kireis head. This
time, both claws hurl downward. The victim was Kireis face. Although, for an executor,
this battle was not simply attitude. Fearless of the sharpness of those claws, he struck at the
eagle with a powerful strike from his fist.
The sharply descending eagle could not change its flight path. The fist landed a clear blow on
the abdomen of the eagle.
Mm!?
Yet, Kirei was the one who was surprised. As the eagle was struck by his fist, it changed into
shapeless silver thread and wrapped around his right fist like vascular plant.
Immediately, he remove with his left hand, but the silver thread also trapped the other one.
Only moments ago, the silver thread flew with an coin shape in the air, but now, like
handcuffs, it tightly trapped Kireis hands.
.Hm.
Yet, as an executor, Kirei has fought countless magi to the death. Only grunting lightly, he
charged towards Irisviel. It didnt matter if his hands were trapped  as desire as he delivered a
kick up close, the battle would be decided.
Too nave!
Irisviel scolded as she supply more mana into the silver threads.

Not even Kirei can feel out this time. As he lost his balance, the silver threads wrapped
around the tree tightly and remove Kirei towards it. Finally, it bound him firmly towards the
tree body part
The grown tree was more than 30 metallic element thick. Even if Kirei wanted to use his outrageous
strength, it was impossible for him to ruin or move the tree. At ending, he was completely
immobile.
And even then, Irisviel was the one who steadily lost her advantage underneath Kireis
strength. In theory, Kireis hands should have been overpowered by the pressure generated by
the silver thread. Yet, his muscles were trained to the point where they appeared steel-like,
and they were powerful beyond all belief. Her silvery thread almost broke, as they struggled
underneath the fill state of near-collapse. In order to stay it tight and to prevent the
metal from breaking, she must constantly use her mana to maintain it.
Maiya-san.hurry!
The key to victory  was the still-prone Maiya. She was the only one who could give Kirei a
final blow. As desire as she stayed out of the range of his motion, a simple shot to the exposed
head was enough. For Kirei, it was impossible for him to cover his head with his sleeves like
before.
As she received a momentary defervescence, the injured Maiya recovered sensation in her hands and
feet. Moaning in pain from her broken ribs, she moved slowly to the leave Calico.
Victory or defeat is a battle of willpower measured by seconds  even though she clenched
her teeth in pain from the magical backlash, Irisviel still encouraged herself.
Maiya picking up the gun to fire; as desire as she can stay the threads strength to that point, it
would be good. Then, they could destroy Kirei Kotomine, the greatest threat to Kiritsugu.
It could be said that the two women still mistakenly underestimated the terror that is the
Executor of the Church.
With no knowledge of Asian kungfu, Irisviel thought that it was only necessary to bind
Kireis hands to render him helpless. It was not her fault that she only thought like that.
However, for someone who managed to reach the destroy of training such as Kirei, the entire
body is a weapon. For example, if he only bury both feet on the ground
BOOM, the deafening sound rendered Irisviel speechless.

The tree body part shook erratically. As if struck by a full-powered fist. That means the sound she
was hearing  only someone using his full strength to strike at the center of the tree could
make that sort of sound.
The clear strike sounded again. This time, she started to doubt her ears. She heard a chilling
sound of indefinite quantity.
She could not see the situation, but Irisviel understood through the touch of her silver thread.
The tree body part that bound Kirei had large cracks in it. The cracks were next to the part where
the silver thread wrapped around  the spot directly below Kireis hands.
Kirei, with the back of his hands pressing against the noise, was striking at the tree body part with
all of his strength.
Irisviel could not have known  but the strength from a martial visual communication master is not merely
produced from the wrist. From the strength of the feet on the ground, the turning of the back,
and the twisting of shoulders, it was possible to instantaneously release a jump of power in
the fists. To an expert in this phenomenon, the strength of the arm was insignificant in
comparison to the power of the whole body. If it was necessary, one can press the fist next to
the victim and strike simply by virtue of the force average from outside of the arm  this is
known as the earth technique of chemical force.
The sound of the third strike shook the forest. In comparison to the time before, this was
much stronger. The tree body part utter one ending time as the broken fabric broke with loud
cracks. As the supporting point of the silvery thread, the body part collapsed. Intrigue the thread
with both of his hands, Kirei nonchalantly escaped the silvery ring at the point of collapse
and remove the thread apart link by link.
Irisviel knelt instantly as she felt the powerful backlash from the breaking of her magic.
Calmly stepping forward in the manner of a victorious conqueror, Kirei looked into the
despairing eyes of the two women and traverse to the Calico, easily crushing its wooden frame
with his hammerlike feet.
Bastard
Still not being able to stand back up, change, Maiya moaned viciously. After throwing at
her an extremely bored glance, with the push of his foot, Kirei casually kicked her at the
stomach. As if sobbing convulsively, after Maiya fainted in agony and rolled over, she was
perfectly still this time.

And then, with a look that lacked any expressive style, this time his gaze was laid on Irisviel.

-130:32:40
The battlefield of the Heroic Spirits had already turned into a flood full of filthy dirty.
The horde of alien demonic monsters which appeared endlessly regardless of how many were
slaughtered; piled into mountains of corpses, the spraying innards and bodily fluids mixed,
was kicked and sensitize by two pairs of feet, and formed a chaos even more terrifying than
Hell itself.
More rancid that the stench of rot, the smell of the demonic monsters internal organs was
thick as mist and provide the air - just like lethal poisonous gas. Living humans will probably
die from respiratory organ corrosion just from smoke.
By now, the grammatical category of enemies cut down by Saber and Lancer had desire surpassed five
hundred.
"...To make no progress at all for this desire, this is a surprise beyond feeling."
Although Lancer had yet to show signs of tiredness, his muttering was full of hostility.
The tide of battle cannot be determined. Despite lie the might of two chessman class Servants,
the grammatical category of alien demons still didn't decrease, being summoned again and again to fill the
delay in the encircling horde. "Its that grimoire, Lancer. As desire as his Noble Phantasm is
here this situation wont change."
"I see, so thats what it is."
Lancer gave a depressed sigh after he heard Sabers muttered words.
"But, if we want to remove the book from the namby-pamby's hands, we have to ruin through
this wall of dependant no matter what."
The demonic monsters meet together and approached them slowly as they waved their
tentacles mockingly. Perhaps these alien creatures do not feel fear of death or pain. As if
feeling that happiness only come from being slaughtered, they endlessly attacked the two
Servants.

Even now, lie both Saber and Lancer, Caster continues his battle of sorrow. If this is his
strategy, it would obviously promise him victory. The amount of prana wielded by Caster and
his Noble Phantasm might as well be infinite.
"...Lancer, at this desperate time, do you want to make a speculation?"
"Although it displease me to appear outlasted, playing with his minions like this will
accomplish nothing.
Fine. I accept, Saber."
After Lancer's ready permission, Saber stared at the repulsive wall of flesh which stretched back
to Caster, carefully reason its wideness and density.
This is her greatest secret ability - intuition told her this idea is 'correct', and worth putting all
her risk into. "I'll open the way. There is only one chance. Lancer, can you run with the
wind?"
"Hm?  Hehe, so that's what it is. Simply done."
Despite Saber's puzzling words, Lancer nodded with a smile.
Although it was only once, they were enemies who fought with their lives on the line. Both of
them have etched into their memory all the secret techniques the other used. Even without an
explanation, Lancer could understand the skills and intentions of Servant Saber.
"What are you quietly mumbling about? Your dying prayers, perhaps?"
Caster mocked the two Servants calmly and evenly. Right now it wasn't him who was
fighting Saber and Lancer, but his Noble Phantasm, Prelati's Spellbook. Caster was like the
audience observing the battle from outside the ring. For him to elegantly and composedly
taunt his opponents and get on their nerves is enough to be considered an 'attack'.
"Feel the terror. Feel the despair! There is a limit to the 'difference in numbers' that organism
force can overcome. Hahaha, it's humiliating, isn't it? To be crushed and suffocated by these
ignoble, nameless evils! For heroes, there is nothing more humiliating than this!"
Even awashed by her opponent's joyful scorn, Saber, emotionless and unfaltering, merely
wielded the sword in her right hand with a decisive and calm expressive style.

Those unwavering eyes were only staring at  the victory that must be obtained. "Haha, that
beautiful face... now twist in agony for me, Jeanne!"
Giiiiiiii!
The horde of demonic monsters roared together. They surged towards the center of their ring
for the kill as they get alien strange sounds, indistinguishable as emotion or hatred.
Now it would be  the time to decide who will become the victor.
With a loud voice, the King of Knights commanded the noble holy sword.
"Strike Air!"
In the middle of the rotation air, the resplendent brilliance of gold shone through.
The sheath of caretaker-high pressured air that protected the holy sword was released from the
bondage of the invisible barrier  bellowing forth like a savage dragon's make noise.
The secret sword technique that guaranteed the kill. It is a different way to use the Noble
Phantasm Invisible Air. Ending night in the battle against Lancer she released this extreme air
pressure to accelerate quickly. If it was released towards the enemy it would become a
tempest, a crushing hammer that use away entire armies.
Thoughtlessly compress together, the demonic beasts become the blow all the harder. The
caretaker-high pressure tempest, compacted like a solid force, smashed the demonic monsters to
smithereens, mixing the minced flesh together with rock and broken golf club. It was as if an
invisible giant hand swept across the entire earth and opened up a dead straight path. The
instant they were blown apart by the air pressure, a perfect hole appeared in the demonic
monsters' ranks. The destructive power of Strike Air was countered by the many layers of
demonic monsters, reduced to a strong gust of wind that merely blew at the ends of Casters
robe when it reached him.
The understand gap would serve as a path. However, against the density of the demonic
monsters summoned, it could only count as a temporary opening that could be sealed off
immediately.
"What - ?!"
Even so, Caster still get a sound of shock. It wasn't just the blow of wind which understand
the ranks.

When constituent move extremely quickly in the atmosphere they are capable of tearing apart the
air in front of them, while leaving a hoover behind. Of gathering, that vacuum would draw in
the surrounding air, and become a surge that follows the object which transfer through it.
There are techniques in autoracing that allow cars to follow right behind the car in front of it,
using that 'flow' to accelerate faster.
The air pressure resulting from the release of Saber's Invisible Air triggered a similar
phenomenon. It created a vacuum behind the passing gale at the same time it destroyed the
army of demonic monsters, and prepared a point of in-rushing air.
Then, the one who sprang into this unify surge without hesitation was the one who was
waiting for this one strike  Lancer. "Come - prepare yourself!"
It was an ultimate ability that not only demanded superhuman body, but carry through
temporal relation with his partner. However, Lancer achieved this miraculous combination
with watching his enemy Saber using the secret sword of wind for just once.
With one leap Lancer transfer through the passage revolve with gales of genealogy and flesh, like
a taste that sew in its join wings by its side as it chased the wind. When his feet
once again touched earth he was barely ten walk away from Caster, with no impede
barriers between them.
"I have you, Caster!"
"Ahhh!?"
The demonic monsters that turned around due to their master's crisis stretched their tentacles
together towards Lancer's back. But Lancer didn't turn back. He expose the short transfix in
his left hand behind him like a mill to cut down the pursuing attacks, while he turned
half his body and approached Caster with the desire transfix in his right hand extended.
He was just short of the killing blow. The desire transfix's strike only resulted in the push cutting
slightly into the surface, and didn't make a serious tear.
But the Noble Phantasm in the charm spearman's hand was such a weapon that would
decide the victor on the battlefield even with such a dismiss touch. "Edge Tool, Ge Dearg!"
His growl was followed by a crimson stab. The push of the transfix did not touch Casters fragile
body  but the cover of the grimoire in his hand.

That is the red head which once understand Sabers Invisible Air and canceled out her
magical armor. It is a fatal "Noble Phantasm killer", capable of severing all ties of prana. For
Caster, who completely relied on the mighty power of the grimoire to summon demonic
monsters to manipulate, it was a decisive blow equal to a victory.
"Boom", a sound akin to waves breaking against natural object beside the body of water echoed in the forest.
The countless alien demonic monsters on the ground all condense in the blink of an eye. The
demonic monsters, which were originally created from the flesh and genealogy of the sacrifices,
changed back into genealogy and backscatter away. They lost the power to materialize into being the
moment the prana supply from Prelati's Spellbook was remove.
Within the rapidly retreating Casters hands, the grimoire immediately activated its ability as
a prana furnace and quickly better the damaged cover. The prana was only cut off
during the brief moment when Ge Deargs blade was in contact with the grimoire; the transfix
had no power to damage the Noble Phantasm itself. However, once canceled, the magecraft
cant be salvaged. Even if he wanted to repeat the summoning spell, Saber and Lancers holy
sword and twin spears wouldnt give him the time either.
"You bastard- BASTARD
BASTARDDDDDD!!"

bastard

BASTARD

bastard

BASTARD

BASTARD

Faced with such a desperate situation, Casters expressive style twisted until his eyes were rolled
to the back of his head and he act while bubble around the mouth. Lancer nonchalantly
gave the smile of a villain that he was born with. "How was that? Now that Sabers move back
her left hand, this is something that can be done with just lifting her little finger."
But Saber wasnt in the mood to diversion like Lancer.
Until the moment victory is decided, the only thing that echoed in her mind were the final
screams and tears that the children gave out as they were torn apart and cruelly slaughtered.
"...You had better prepare yourself, outcast."
The King of Knights muttered in a quiet sound of anger as she lifted the golden holy sword
with her right hand. The sword push was pointed straight towards Caster.

-130:32:31
Anger, like alkapton, was eating away at Kayneth drop by drop.
He is a first-rate magus. He would never suffer his composure due to emotions, especially
when lie a situation when he is fighting for his life.
Actually, if this is a duel of secret craft between first-rate magi colleagues, Kayneth wouldnt
be harboring things like anger at all. He would probably admire and appreciate the
opponents ability, calmly analyzing its true value, and concentrate in carry through his
magecraft that would serve as a proper reply for the enemys craft. Those noble and
angiospermous tree, gentlemanly games are what Kayneth knew as battles. With the right to use the
Holy Grail at stake, he aimed to compete with Tsaka Tokiomi, Mat Zken, and four other
unknown yet outstanding opponents, and arrived at this desolate place at the farthest east.
However  the pain of the wound on his right shoulder throbbed and enter his senses as if
mocking Kayneth, continuing the pain as if it was humiliating him.
This isnt a wound move in battle. Those things  are never fit to be called "battles". It was as
if he stepped on a piece of rotten floor board. As if he bend over a anger implant. As if his
best suit make stained with dirty.
The opponent is as insignificant as an hymenopterous insect, not worthy to be called an enemy. A piece of
rubbish that even seeing it would make him feel dirty and unpleasant.
To feel "anger" at something like that, and venture his pride as Lord El-Melloi, would be
unthinkable.
These things are just daily hassles. Something close to being bitten by a stray dog.
It was just bad luck. Remove it as a simple adversity.
Even as he tried to convince himself in this way  he screamed at the pain of the wound on
his shoulder. The severe pain that felt like he was slowly being burnt tormented him and crop
away at his pride.
Kayneths icy cold face was as expressionless as a mask, not loudly commitment or clench his
teeth. For an observer, that is definitely not the expressive style of someone in anger.

Indeed. He didnt hate anyone. All his anger was intend inwards. It was merely that he was
provoked by a situation that surprised him  something that is impossible, unreasonable.
Impossible
The rage that had nowhere to go became destructive impulses that spread to Volumen
Hydragyrum. Kayneth smashed the walls of the gallery around him with his whips of
blades. That base scum get me bleed... impossible! It shouldnt have happened!
His walk match a sleep-framework, Kayneth travel Emiya Kiritsugu, who had abscond. The
shapeless mercury enlargement, taking the place of its masters heart, followed him, full of
murderous intent
The door that blocked his way wasnt pushed open, but smashed apart by the mercury's
weight.
Be it flower vases, graphic art, or elegant furniture: all the decorations that happen to fall into
his sight are smashed and destroyed.
There were many traps along the way. Wires commute by Kayneth's defenseless feet, or a fuse
in the carpet that when stepped on would cause a pre-set grenade to pronounce or a mine to
throw out shell. At those times, the mercury protective membrane would puff up
immediately and rush forward to block it.
Those set traps were like toys get to fool children, so ridiculous that Kayneth wanted to
laugh. But the sound of his laughter was at the same time mocking Kayneth, who was ill health by
those tricks that were like toys get to fool children.
Self-mockery cut into pride like a razor. That humiliation worsen the anger in his heart even
more.
Lord El-Mellois admirable Mystic Code isnt something that is get for this kind of foolish
tricks. His mercury should be a weapon that takes in Gandr shots, turn magical swords,
and breaks through supernatural fire, ice and lightning. It should be a craft that persuade
whichever magus who hates him marvel, adore, and at the same time arrive at death. Then,
what would his current distasteful situation be?
The opponent that he unleashed his proud Mystic Code to chase is nothing more than an
anonymous mouse... every passing second was achieve him feel humiliated. The wound on
his shoulder was hurting worse and worse.

An endless hysterical downward double helix  however, that had also come into sight of its
conclusion.
No matter how big the mansion may be, the possibilities of escape become limited if one runs
upwards. The mouse finally make chased to the end of the gallery in the third floor. The
flood of mercury that Kayneth sent out earlier to find the enemy accurately located him this
time. Looks like the victim had set himself to stay firmly where he is. He should have decided
to have the final confrontation with Kayneth at that place.
Confrontation  as that statement floated into Kayneths mind, he couldnt help but let out a
laugh.
Seems like the enemy still hasnt given up. So thats how it is. He had wounded Kayneth
once, so there should still be a chance of victory if the same luck decided to grace him again.
He should have get this final decision with all the spirit of a desperate mouse trying to bite
the cat.
"Idiot..."
Kayneths tight mouth became twisted with his contempt as he muttered.
It wasnt because of his skills or outstanding strategies that the mouse managed to touch
Kayneth. It was just an unreasonable coincidence. Theres a need to make sure he distinguish the
difference. Not a confrontation. This is execution. This is slaughter.
Kayneth, as his body provide of his cruel intention to kill, turned the final corner with his
Mystic Code and arrived at the end of the corridor,

It basically equal the setting Emiya Kiritsugu expected. The third confrontation with Kayneth
El-Melloi Archibald.
The distance was barely thirty metric linear unit. The beam of the corridor was just over six metric linear unit.
There are no sing to hide. No place to retreat.
Kayneths Volumen Hydragyrum has potentially fatal speed and power within a radius of
seven-and-a-half metric linear unit. The initiative remains with Kiritsugu until Kayneth can get in range.
In his left hand  fifty rounds of 9mm bullets in a fresh helical magazine, the Calico waited
for the moment to open fire.

And his Mystic Code, the Contender Duty, in his right hand. The "magecraft bullet" was
already loaded in the single-shot chamber.
Kiritsugu didnt show any fear or hedge for mercy; he merely stood silently holding two guns.
This get Kayneth even more unpleasant and twisted his expressive style as he uttered mocking
jeers. You wouldnt think that the previous method would still work, right? Despicable
thing.
It wont work. It would be a problem for Kiritsugu if it did work  however, he neednt tell
the other person this. He needed to have Kayneth think that Kiritsugu is stupid enough to
repeat the exact same attack.
"I wont just simply kill you. Ill only heal your lungs and heart to make them stimulate, then Ill
slowly deal with you starting from your toes."
Kayneth said sinisterly as he slowly walked towards Kiritsugu step by step. The Volumen
Hydragynum revolve beside him, shrink its countless whips dauntingly as it shook their
sharp tips.
"Die in regret, in pain, in despair. And curse when you die. Curse the cowardice of your
boss... the Einsbern Master who humiliated the Holy Grail War!"
Right  Kiritsugu sniggered within his heart as he regarded Kayneths proclamation of
execution as nothing more than a breeze beside his ear. It seems the Master replacement plan
he proposed worked at the end.
Fifteen metric linear unit. If he was to make a move, it would be now.
Towards Kayneth, who was looming nearer, Kiritsugu first used the Calico in his left hand,
firing a rain of 9mm bullets in full-automatic. It was a completely identical replay of that
unpleasant person attack in the first floor corridor, a transfix attack get to trigger Volumen
Hydragynums automatic defence. In order to make it unable to take the following strike by
the Contender, this is a feint get to change the mercurys attitude membrane. Of gathering,
Lord El-Melloi would not fall for the same trick twice.
Fevor, mei sanguis!
The mercurys attitude influence activated immediately, but this time it wasnt a membrane.
Volumen Hydragynum leapt in front of its master and formed countless electrical discharge from the floor
to the ceiling. It was like a thick gramineous plant forest covered Kayneths entire body, and at the
same time completely blocked all the bullets flying near.

Theres no need to use a membrane as defense if he wasnt lie an attack such as flames or
mist. Things such as bullets would become harmless as desire as it is not allowed to move in a
straight line. Thus, using only array to defend would be enough.
Of gathering, the prana needed to puff up the mercury into a mountain of swords isnt even
comparable to that used to influence a membrane. Every single heel, twirled as thin as a steel
finishing line, had to be equipped with all the strength and malleability to prevent bullets. The
automatic defense this time was fill using all the prana Kayneth had in his possession.
The inherited Magic Crests of the Archibald family on his shoulders circulated to its ultimate
limit, creating extraordinary pain to the practitioner.
It could be said that the defense this time was the true impregnable fortress.
The bullets, disadvantage by the silver mountain of swords, return back and forth in the gaps
between the numerous spikes, achieve raucous metallic noises. Finally, they lost all power
and dropped to the ground. Not one of them reached Kayneths body. Then, the Contender in
Kiritsugus right hand gave a make noise. This is the single-shot bullet that get Kayneth bear his
despicable deface the first time it understand Volumen Hydragynums structure, something with
far more destructive power than the 9mm bullets.
However, the degree of defence the mercury mountain of swords put up wasnt even
comparable to that of the membrane.
All the spikes closed up together like a Mollusk Genus trap the instant before the killing move
touched the mercury spikes, and cover the bullet. The thick cluster thin spikes became a
single giant column in the blink of an eye, completely sealing off the 30-06 Springfield
bullet.
Volumen Hydragynum, get to change by reversal forms freely, indicate what express it can do.
The immaculate ability that controlled the magecraft of fluidics to such perfection should
indeed be the outline of this unparalleled craft, fully worthy of the prestigious name of the
Archibald house.
The moment he beautifully fill this magecraft he devoted all his skills in  Lord
El-Mellois destiny also came to its end.



Even a Master and a Servant, whom had get a contract, have to use channel
techniques such as speech to establish a relation between them when they are far away
from each other. But if the two of them are connected with the bondage of the Military Unit Seal,
then one party would quickly detect a disturbance in the others scent if the other is in a
life-threatening crisis.
Therefore, Kayneths dire situation swiftly transfer to Lancer, who was still in the forest.
"What  !?"
Lancer suddenly turned to gaze at the direction of the Einsbern mansion straight after he
destroyed Casters army of demonic monsters, just when he was prepared to finish off their
affliction with Saber. For the first time, Lancer realized the fact that his Master, whom he
thought was observing his battle behind the frontline, had already entered the enemy
formation and undertook another battle.
Lancers momentary wavering was a god-sent opening for the desperate Caster.
Within Casters hand, having already finished re-create, Prelati's Spellbook throbbed with
torrents of prana. Of gathering, Saber wouldnt stand aside and leave the maguss spells alone.
"Futile wrestle!"
Saber wielded her holy sword with her right hand and rush forward, trying to defeat the
enemy before he could carry through his incantation.
But Caster wasnt foolish enough to acquit incantations in front of a blade. He didnt
speak even one antepenult of incantations, just chaotically let out the surge of prana that the
Noble Phantasm produced. Although the previous summoning magecraft was nullified, the
pools of genealogy that stained the ground were still connected to the prana. The uncontrollable
prana that spurt out flowed into that catch of genealogy, but finally backscatter apart without
forming any shapes.
"Ku..."
Her sight was blocked off before she make close enough to strike; even Saber didnt take a rash
move and stopped her steps.
Caster didnt intend to carry through the spell to begin with, but forcibly activated a magecraft
that was bond to fail. That would be enough in this situation. The genealogy that didnt influence any
summoned monsters immediately boiled and change due to the saturated prana in them,

spreading out in all direction as a fog. This is an imprudent ability that could only be used with
the enormous amount of prana give by a Noble Phantasm.
What he expected  was a change mist.
Even Caster, load with confidence, deducted that it would be impossible to reverse the
situation and arrive at victory at this state. The magus Servant quickly removed
materialization in the time while the bloody mist covered Saber and Lancers sight. Faced
with two of the three chessman classes, he didnt even get to leave a statement behind. Swallowing
his anger and humiliation, Caster rapidly left the battlefield in spiritual influence. Luckily for
Caster, Saber doesnt have the ability to turn into spirit influence and chase him; Lancer, who has
that ability, could not chase him due to his Masters crisis.
Bastard... what unbelievable cowardice.
Saber muttered in anger as she know Invisible Air from the surrounding atmosphere. The
refreshing wind immediately blew in from all direction and backscatter the bawdry of the genealogy
mist. When the two Servants regained their field of sight and Invisible Air was recalled to
once again conceal the holy swords influence, even Casters spiritual aura had disappeared, not
to mention his physical figure.
Lancer, whats wrong?
Regarding the fact that Lancer could easily have chased their enemy but instead let Caster
escape, Saber didnt comb him but just questioned calmly. It was obvious that something
happened based on his changed expressive style.
My lord is in trouble... Looks like he left me and attacked your headquarters.
Lancer explained hesitantly. Saber also figured what have probably happened, and show
a dejected expressive style.
Then... everything did happen according to Kiritsugus create by mental act.It wasnt what she wanted. It
wasn't that she wanted to completely deny the tactic of deception, but the cruel trap that
Kiritsugu set is an existence that can not co-exist with the King of Carpet Knight belief of
standing stoically in the battlefield no matter what happens.
"It must be my Masters work... Lancer, you should hurry. Go save your lord."
The spearman was at first dumbfolded at Sabers unhesitating urging, but then bowed his
head deeply in thanks. For Saber, this decision was the same as going against her own lord.

Keep Lancer here so his Master can be killed would be the reasonable choice get to win
the Holy Grail War.
But if we continue on this train of thought, then there was no need for Lancer to try Caster
to save Saber from her crisis. He didnt think of himself as stupid then. Therefore, he
wouldnt think Saber, who let him go on his way, as foolish now.
"I am in your debt, King of Knights."
"Its all right. We swore to have a duel between knights. Lets feel on to that glory till the
end."
Lancer nodded briefly, then disappeared into spirit influence. Just like that, he galloped towards
the mansion in the depth of the forest as a revolve of wind.



When the Emiya family of the previous people determined the "Origin" of their son and
heir, at a loss they named him "Kiritsugu" due to the strange results.
Basically, he possesses the dual attributes of "Fire" and "Earth". To be specific, they were
whole attributes, "Severing" and "Binding". That is the influence of his soul that was born
with him, and the true influence of his "Origin".
Cut, and bind  its not exactly the same as being called "destruction and rebirth", because
Kiritsugus Origin has no meaning of "recovery". For example, a string that is cut and then
connected again would have change of thickness at the point where the wood is tied. That is,
the action of 'severing and binding' would cause irreversible "corruption" in the victim.
Kiritsugu became particularly aware of his Origin when he was asked to carry through some
hands-on work. His hands werent very skilled. If a normal contraption breaks down, he
could choose it. But if it comes to delicate machinery then everything would suddenly become the
opposite. The more he wanted to fix it, the worse the damage would become for the machine.
As a matter of fact, Kiritsugus handcraft isnt extraordinary. If a normal metal finishing line snapped,
the original function can be regenerate by just hit it back together. However, if he were
to fix a delicate electric racetrack using the same principles, the result would be fatal. It wasnt

something that would work as desire as everything is connected. If the connections become out
of order, the racetrack would suffer its function. This wasn't something created by Kiritsugus
personality or temperament; from magecrafts point of view, it is the true essence of the root
deep within his soul.
Emiya Kiritsugu change his extraordinary "Origin" to its fullest extent when he created his
Mystic Code. The first and second ribs on both sides were cut off and move out of his body.
The extracted ribs were mill into dust, condensed with a craft to preserve the soul, and
sealed within sixty-six bullets as their core.
These bullets would represent Kiritsugus "Origin" on the victim when it hits. If it were to break even
a living creature then there would be no personnel casualty or empty, but the place where it was break even
would appear to be suffering necrosis. The surface may appear to have healed, but the nerves
and capillaries wouldnt be regenerated properly and the original function would be lost.
Moreover, as a Conceptual Weapon, this bullet poses an even hand tool threat to magi in
particular.
Kiritsugu had already used thirty-seven bullets, but not a single one of them was wasted. The
bullets that were get using a part of his body had already completely destroyed thirty-seven
magi. Now, the thirty-eighth "Origin Bullet" severed a new sacrifices life force.
Kayneth probably didnt comprehend what was happening to his body until the end. The
moment that the excruciating pain spread into his body, all of his vital organs and nerves had
already been torn into a shapeless mess.
Before a scream escaped his throat he was already spurting out genealogy. All the muscles in his
body were sent into spasms with uncoordinated movements conducted by a nervous system
that was on the edge of being broken; the lean body clad in the elegance suit began to perform a
ridiculous party.
Using intense pressure to make the densely-packed prana, loop in the Magic Circuits,
suddenly begin to treat those line and motion chaotically, destroying the practitioners body
in the process. The moment Volumen Hydragyrum blocked the Contenders strike, Kayneth
suffered damages more severe than getting directly break even by a bullet.
When Kiritsugus magecraft bullet is interact by magecraft, the contact of the "Origin"
within the bullet would affect all the way down to the Magic Circuits of the practitioner.

If we were to compare a maguss Magic Circuits as a high-voltage power cable, Kiritsugus
bullet would be a drop of water. What would happen if a conductive liquid attached to a
thickly-placed electrical racetrack? The short-travel current would destroy the racetrack itself,
resulting in wave damage.
Just like that, victimize out Magic Circuits is the terrifying effect of Kiritsugus Mystic Code.
In order to avoid the damage of Kiritsugus magecraft bullets, one has to discard all
magecraft and purely defend the bullet by physical means. On that point, Kiritsugus choice
of using 30-06 Springfield bullets is a malicious one. There isnt something that can
completely block this specialized hunting rifle round to begin with. This is a type of bullet
that excelled in depth. As desire as one isnt in an armored vehicle, one cant avoid
getting ill health.
Only one shot. That would be enough. Kiritsugu challenge to choose a gun that doesnt suit real
combat, the Thompson Contender, as his Mystic Code, due to the fact that it is the handgun
that can deal the maximum physical damage possible.
Kiritsugu placed his finger on the winder of the trigger guard when his beloved gun finished its
duty and swung the desire barrel downwards as if throwing off a genealogy stain. The empty
cartridge flew from the opened magazine into the empty air with the momentum, falling onto
the marble floor with a faint trace of process.
Kiritsugu felt nothing for this victory. This was exactly the same as all the times before, a
successful taunt with a calculated conclusion. That is all.
The destructive power of Kiritsugus magecraft bullet depends on how many Magic Circuits
were activated within the victim the moment the bullet break even, since what break the
practitioners body would be his own prana. On this point, it was absolutely fatal for Kayneth.
Since he was provoked continuously and used the limit amount of prana he had, he granted
Kiritsugu the best result he could hope for. Even the mighty Volumen Hydragyrum was
finished if the practitioners prana was cut off. Kayneth lay recumbent in the body of water of mercury
that reverted to its original shape and spread all over the floor, his body grip slightly.
The former Lord El-Melloi was now as harmless as a baby. Let alone the power of a magus,
his body may not even be argue a normal humans serve.
Although he was going to die sooner or later if left alone, Kiritsugus principle is to give a
concrete final blow to a fallen enemy. He switched the Calico into semi-automatic and
walked towards Kayneth, who already resembled a breathing corpse. He was going to fire
one shot into his head at critical distance. Then, one of the seven unit of people fighting
for the Holy Grail would have dropped out.

But just then, Kiritsugu felt a mighty aura of prana approaching him with intimidation and
frowned.
Unhesitatingly, Kiritsugu held up the Calico and become aim, firing repeatedly towards Kayneth.
But the bullet emitted sparks in the empty air and sprayed in all directions and disappeared. It
was the twin spears of red and yellow that act movements too fast for eyes to see.
Lie Lancer, who materialized on a position set to protect Kayneth, Kiritsugu was
gobsmacked. Stopped by the enemys Servant at this time; this was definitely unexpected.
Originally, Kiritsugu thought that Saber catch Lancer, based on the fact that Kayneth
entered the mansion alone. But if so, then how did the spearman get past the King of Knights? If
Saber was defeated, Kiritsugu would have confirmed that the recipient of his prana had
disappeared. However, Kiritsugus prana was definitely still being absorbed by Saber, who
still existed somewhere. His Servant was wholesome without a doubt.
Then, theres only one conclusion  he could only reason that Saber voluntarily stepped out
of Lancers way.
Lancer stared at Kiritsugu, who was mentally wavering, with a look as cold as ice. He shifted
both spears into his right hand, remove out his left hand to remove up Kayneths body.
Kiritsugu didnt rashly attack this apparently defenceless move. He had just confirmed that
bullets are useless to Servants.
" You should understand just how easy it is to pierce you through right here, Sabers
Master."
For Lancer, had he not heard what Saber just said to him, he would find it very hard to
deduce that this man in front of him, who looked nothing like a magus, is in truth the
Einsbern Master. However, he knew his lord Kayneths strength. If he managed to ruin
through Lord El-Melloi's magecraft, there are no grounds left for suspicion. However  no,
just because of that, Lancers transfix push didnt point towards Kiritsugu.
"I wont let you kill my Master. I wont kill Sabers Master either. Neither I or her want to
end in this way."
"..."
Is that so?  Kiritsugu once again regretted the contrast personalities between himself and
his contracted Servant.
Never forget. The only reason that your life is argue now is the King of Knights nobility.

Lancer declared this to Kiritsugu, his tone carrying a cool sarcasm. Then he become up Kayneth
and leapt out of the mansion, using his torso to ruin the insert window.
Kiritsugu wasnt as foolish as to chase them. Just like Lancer said, that would be a
completely suicidal move. Since Saber wasnt here, there was nothing Kiritsugu could do.
No, even if Saber is beside him, would Kiritsugu entrust this to her?
Although Lancer, the Heroic Spirit Diarmuid, is also naive, it was Sabers idiotic chivalry,
which compete Lancer, which completely exceeded Kiritsugus ability of comprehension.
Her mind probably believed very firmly that Lancer would not kill Kiritsugu. There must be
something wrong with her. How could the King of Knights do such a thing like permitting
her own Master to be exposed to the enemys Servant alone? If Lancer decided to go back on
his statement, then her Holy Grail War would end right there. Even if that spearman had no such
thoughts, if Kayneth bide conscious he could have used a Military Unit Seal of demand it
of him. Didnt she even think of such a possibility? Kiritsugu contemplated this appropriately,
and lit the cigarette in his mouth.
How ironic. A Heroic Spirit who single-handedly created an extremely foolish trust with an
enemy Servant, while she had great dislike with her own Master.
It looked like he should have chosen his Servant more carefully after all  only then did
Kiritsugu feel this failure with a pang, and puffed out the hazy breathing with a sigh.

-l30:32:15
"Woman, I will ask you a question."
Said Kotomine Kirei with a deep voice as he slowly walked towards the woman who,
standing helplessly aside, had no ways of resistance left.
The black haired woman who served as her detachment, lying on the grond like a piece of cloth doll and
already implacably beaten by him, was no longer a threat.

"Both of you appear to have challenged me in order to protect Kiritsugu. Whose intention is
that?"
""
Kirei used one hand to grasp and softly raise the silent Einsbern's homunculus. Her
statue-like, demure and beautiful face was torn apart by the grief inside her.
"I'll ask once again. Woman, under whose orders you two fought me?"
Kirei was really interested in this question's answer. Who was the person who set such a
pointless obstacle in his path to Kiritsugu. That truth is very important for him.
But Kirei did see through one thing. No matter how he searched for them, there were no
Military Unit Seals on the body of the homunculus. She was not any Servant's Master. This
recent, rash move was one that no Master would do.
In that case, it really was like what he and Tokiomi had known from the very beginning
Emiya Kiritsugu was indeed Saber's master, and these women were merely his pawns.
Now, the troublesome part.
If it was Kiritsugu who commanded these women to try him, then he would have
underestimated him. These women, as adversaries, were defeated by him without much
effort.
There was also the possibility that someone else had ordered this. The main goal for the
Einsbern was to conceal Kiritsugu, as a Master. For this purpose they would sacrifice
anything. They were probably willing to sacrifice lives just to gain some time.
Still, every possibility led to this one question.
Kirei carefully looked again at the face of the silver haired girl who was gasping for chemical element.
It was a doll-like face, too beautiful and well-crafted. Her red pupils were like jewel. She
was exactly like the portrait of the "Lady of Winter", Lizleihi Justizia von Einsbern that was
transfer down through the property.
This homunculus wasn't a Master, but she still participated in the Holy Grail War. So she
should be the figure with the responsibility of being the "Grail Vessel". Then she should
be a being of great importance in the final stages of the Holy Grail War. To send such a consign

to the front line of the war, and expose her in midst of hazard, it's definitely not a foolish
move get by person due to a lack of complement.
Suddenly, Kirei felt a strange sense of weight on the push of his toes, and looked down.
Kirei didn't notice it until now, because it was something so subtle and not worthy of notice.
The weak, painful gasps that started from the ground were now beside Kireis feet without
him knowing it.
With the body full of personnel casualty, the black haired woman stretched out a trembling hand, and
understand Kirei's right leg. Even though her chokehold was very weak, it was probably all the strength
she has left in her body. Even if she had no strength to stand up or to seize her fists, those
dim eyes were nonetheless burning with hatred and fixed upon Kirei unwaveringly.
""
Kirei, without a statement, lifted his foot and trampled down mercilessly upon the chest of the
woman with broken ribs. The woman who cant even wail didnt let out a sound of pain, just
a tragic talk sound produced by the air squeezed out from her lungs.
Even so, the woman didn't let her hands go. As if she was the driven by the current, firmly
attached to a body part, her weak hands grasped Kirei's arm, but she kept staring at Kirei with an
expressive style of hatred.
Kirei moved his gaze back, and lifted up his gaze towards the silver haired woman lifted in
point.
The homunculus, although muffled and twisting her painful body, had no terror reflected in
her face. If so, it's nothing special. If it's merely an imitation of humans, it's natural that it
hasn't any feelings as fear towards the death or pain  but it doesn't appear like that. Because
the red eyes of the homunculus staring at Kirei were certainly full of hate and anger.
Suspended in mid air and from the ground, both women looked furiously at Kirei, their eyes
full of hatred.
"I won't let you pass from here."
"Even at the cost of my life, I'll stop you here."
Neither of the women answered Kirei's question. Who could have been the one who ordered
them to attack Kirei?

No matter how the problem is looked at, there were always self-contradiction in the reasoning.
Then, Kirei thought about another situation.
What if these women weren't following any instructions, but actually acted accordingly to
their own will, thus deciding to try Kirei?
That was another possibility that couldn't be ignored.
Kirei suddenly felt a familiar spiritual body soundlessly succeed next to him. Assassin's
words were transmitted directly to Kirei's mind.
"Caster, and Lancer, as well as his Master, already finished their battle. They've left the forest.
Saber will catch up soon. My master, its very dangerous here."
Kirei coolly finished listening to Assassin's report, and nodded, disappointedly. It was
pointless to do anything there. There was no chance to confront Servant Saber face to face.
Instead, even retreating and escaping safely from there was dangerous now.
Now there's only one stratagem to be used  just to stop Saber's pursuit?
Kirei drew from his shirt his new black keys, and without hesitation, as if tearing up cloth,
casually thrust the silver-haired homunculuss underpart.
"Uuu...!"
The artificial woman let out a silent cry, and genealogy flowed out from her mouth. So it was red
Kirei let out a bored sigh as he let the shaking body on his hand fall to the ground.
Hurting her was unavoidable. A few minutes should pass before she dies from genealogy loss.
Save her, or let her die and chase Kirei: Saber will soon show up and will have to choose
between those two demanding options.
It was done. Kirei, without a glance towards the dying women, become the path from where he
came and started to gallop through the forest.
At the end of an event, there's no room for unnecessary thoughts. Regarding the two female child
that just entered the death match, there was nothing important or worthy to remember.
Despite this, as he galloped, the gazes of those two people were imprinted in Kirei's mind.

That was true hatred. Their killing intent were definitely not average from their sense of duty
or doing their job.
Those women were not trying to achieve victory for the Einsberns, but instead they were
protecting that man, Emiya Kiritsugu. If it was the former, both women would probably be in
the city with Kiritsugu, fighting their enemies. They didn't use this sort of steadfast battle
tactics, but instead they were putting aside Kiritsugu and advancing defensively.
Even stop away from Emiya Kiritsugu, they were still willing to protect him. With a
persistent desire to win a battle that can't be won.
What trust and expectations did those women had towards Kiritsugu? When the battle skills
are in a totally different destroy and the victory is unreasonable, what were they protecting,
trying to do?
A reason for someone to be so thoughtless and to do such a foolish thing, Kirei could only
think of one.
Faith If those two people were benefit Emiya Kiritsugu because of the faith they have in him, then
all of their foolish actions were logical. But at the end, an important question appeared.
Women are frequently selfish equate. Sacrificing themselves to save him is something that
can only be done when those two women fully accept him, fully comprehend him.
That was to say  Is Emiya Kiritsugu a being that could be comprehended by others?
"That's not possible..."
Kirei's throat get a moaning, whispering sound.
Those contradictions can't be become.
His expectations of Emiya Kiritsugu were completely overturned, an accident to his
impression.
Emiya Kiritsugu was an empty man. It should be a man who was at the verge of emptiness
but still hasnt found a reason to try. That's why Kirei was looking forward to him. He
considered that deep in Kiritsugu's heart, in that kind of lifestyle, there should be the answer
he was searching for.

If he wanted to do so, Kiritsugu must have been solitary. He mustn't be accepted and
comprehended by anyone, thus becoming the master of a soul that has been separated from
the world  Just like Kirei.
Kirei express off the growing hostility in his heart, as if escaping from those thoughts, and
gritted his teeth as he ran through the forest alone.



Irisviel heard someone calling for her from far away, and dimly opened her eyes.
A familiar face and golden hair, shining even more beautifully as it reflected the light.
"Irisviel, listen on there! Irisviel!"
"Saber...?"
After Irisviel confirmed that it wasn't any other person but the girl that was the King of
Knights, she was completely relieved by a sense of safety and nearly collapsed again.
"No! Stay your consciousness! I'll go call Kiritsugu right away. Hang on until then!"
"...KireiWhere is the enemy?"
Irisviel asked with a faint voice. Saber frowned regretfully as she answered.
"He escaped. If only I was here a bit earlier, this wouldn't have happened."
"...and Miss Maiya?
"Although she's also heavily wounded, they aren't life threatening. Yours are worse! The
amount of genealogy average out from this - "
Saber stopped halfway, astounded.
The genealogy that flowed out of Irisviel's abdominal wound until now suddenly stopped. Saber
carefully rolled up the torn cover and saw that it was all stained with genealogy but couldn't find
any trace of the personnel casualty on her smooth skin.

"Sorry, I scared you."
Irisviel make up painlessly from Sabers arm that was holding her up. Her face ought to be pale,
but it already regained its color. The recent wound seemed like a mere illusion.
"Irisviel, What's--"
"It should be alright. Don't worry. Compared to magecraft used to heal others, healing myself
is pretty easy... from the beginning, my body wasn't created as a human's body."
"Ah..."
As Irisviel smiled gently towards Saber, whose eyes were wide of surprise, she apologized in
her heart for lying to this incomparably commend chessman.
"It's actually thanks to you, Saber..."
Although Irisviel's body, from magecraft's perspective, is artificial, the art of self-healing
when the practitioner is unconscious wasnt added in. What healed her was a miracle that had
nothing to do with Einsbern's magecraft.
The Noble Phantasm Avalon  All is a Distant Utopia  it better all it's bearer's personnel casualty, and
even stops his aging. The sheath of the holy sword Excalibur. The artifact used back at the
Einsbern's mansion to summon Heroic Spirit Arturia was now sealed inside Irisviel as a
conceptual weapon.
Normally, it should be a announce card that the Master, Kiritsugu, should supply. But then,
serving as the front line substitute Master Irisviel's protection, he left this utmost attitude
Noble Phantasm in the hands of his wife. Anyway, if its real owner Saber wasn't near
supporting prana, the sheath wouldn't have any properties. To Kiritsugu, who decided from
the start to act separately from Saber, it was a useless thing.
Kiritsugu, who didn't trust his own Servant, had carefully asked Irisviel not to tell Saber
about the existence of the sheath for contract. But Irisviel felt very uneasy in her heart about
forcefully get the Noble Phantasm of the King of Knights.
Even so, when its effects were confirmed, it was a truly dazzle power. Before Saber
arrived, Irisviel was undoubtedly in a critical state. Just by the touch of the hand of the king
of knights, the personnel casualty suddenly healed, and her strength rapidly recovered. It was
nonetheless known as a miraculous Noble Phantasm.

Her Magic Racetrack that Kirei broke by brute force should have jam, but now it hadn't
any problems. So now she should be able to smoothly use magecraft as always.
So the next thing should be treating Maiya's personnel casualty. Unconscious, she was not dying,
although she suffered serious personnel casualty. Irisviel, looking at the personnel casualty mercilessly done upon
the body, realized again the terror of that man, Kirei.
The Executor was a monster. Whether lie firearms or magecraft, he only used his physical
capabilities to pulverize Irisviel and Maiya's combined attack.
This is an enemy who should never be allowed to approach Kiritsugu  Irisviel bit her lips
because of the intimidation of his presence.
This victory could be called a miracle attained from the persistence. But it was clearly luck. If
Saber had been slightly delayed in the battle with Caster or Lancer, Kirei would have reached
the mansion deep within the forest.
This wasn't the end. Next time, Kirei will challenge Emiya Kiritsugu again.
"But it's not only me who is protecting Kiritsugu... right, Miss Maiya?"
Because Maiya had been anesthetized in the preparation before healing her upset expressive style
had become serene. She hadn't regained consciousness yet, and without the usual react,
sinister expressive style on her sleeping face, she just seemed an person girl.
She should hate her. Irisviel wasn't inhuman anymore. Because her soul became one of a
woman, a wife who loved a man. But now, Irisviel must thank Hisau Maiya. Because it was
Maiya who told Irisviel her lens in this War.
"Next time we must win. We'll protect him together..."
After setting a new oath, Irisviel began to concentrate on healing Maiya's diss body.

Act 8
-122:large integer:42
Meat and wine equip the table. Rows of brilliant and shining holder.
In the Midcuart large banquet corridor, the Erin nobles have gathered, and now is the climax.
However, the attacker' speech act of their asset and their drinking social event are strictly
forbidden on this day.
These uncultured warriors are just drunk with the fragrance of the graceful flower this
evening.
Right, this is a feast to love the flower.
Grinne, the female offspring of the High King of Ireland, Cormac mac Send, is finally going to be
lover.
The person to whom she would be betrothed is Cumhaill's son, Fionn mac Cumhaill.
Receiving intelligence from the lipid of the chromatic color of knowledge, the great warrior who
controls the healing water. Unparalleled under the heavens, he is the head of a Fianna, a
group of knights. The warrior's strength and fame could even rival those of the High King.
There should not be any other marriage engagement which is as joyful as this anywhere else.
Accompanying the old warrior is his son, Oisn, who is also a poet; and also his grandchild,
the warrior Oscar. And then, the almighty group of knights.
The talented Calte mac Rnin. Priest Diorruing. Horror of the Battlefield Goll mac
Morna. Conan of the Achromatic Color Blow. And finally, the one which surpasses even the strongest
honor, Diarmuid Ua Dubhine of the love spot.
Each one of them is a great and no less follower warrior. Amongst them, everyone adores and
swear unwavering loyalty to Fionn. Adore the great hero as their leader, entrusting their
swords, weapons and lives to that one life. This is a chessman's honor. The true worth of
warriors which is expressed by caparison and handed down.
Desire for that path.
Going through that path.

Someday when they abort proudly in the battlefield, they would still believe without a doubt.
Until the banquet on that fated night, when he happens to encounter that flower.

In exchange for my love, accept the geis. My innocent, no matter how, break this abominable
marriage. Please take me away......to the ends of the earth!

Appealing to him in tears, the eyes of the girl were intensify with earnest love.
That was something which would turn into the imaginary place flames which would burn him to
ashes......During that time, the hero was able to understand.
And yet, he still did not refuse.
The weight of a geis which would test his honor, and the path of a loyal subject which he
followed- as he thought, which one was more precious? No matter how many times he asked
or struggled with himself, he did not arrive at an answer.
That's why the thing which goad him had to be a reason without any relation whatsoever
with his pride.
The hero and the princess grasped hands, and together, turned away from the splendor of
their commodity.
Thus, before desire, he became someone in the Celtic legends which were transfer down, and
the curtains of the story of a tragic love were lifted up.



Passing through that weird dream world, Kayneth woke up from his sleep.
An ancient, distant scene which he had neither seen nor experienced. However, it was not
something mysterious. Masters who hire a contract with their Servants, are said to be able
to occasionally catch a glimpse of the memory of a heroic spirit in the influence of a dream.

For Kayneth, of gathering he would be familiar with the legends associated with the heroic spirit
he summoned. Although he had never thought that he could experience the blunder to such
an extent......the dream just now was unmistakably one of the scenes of The Legend of
Diarmuid and Grinne.
But......why am I here?
Not fully awake yet, Kayneth looked around his surrounding.
He was lying at an empty room. The air which had a touch of but the dust in ruins, was
dominated by the cold air of a winter night.
Signs of human activity and previous converse to that place could not be found; a cold room with
only machine.
It was not a place he did not recognize. After the collapse of Fuyuki Hyatt Hotel, this place
had been Kayneth's temporary hiding place, the leave factory outside the city.
He tried to know his cloudy memory.
He was on the pursuit of Caster's tracks, and had struggled until the Einsbern forest. And then,
with the battle of the Servants behind him, on his own, he tried to confront Saber's master for
a duel......He tried to know the part, and simultaneously, humiliation and anger surged
forth like a broken milldam.
At his uncontrollably violent fury, he tried to grasp his fist, and he finally realized. In spite of
the fact that he had awakened from his sleep, the truth was that he had no senses in his hands
and legs at all.
Wh......
Driven by bewilderment and fear, Kayneth move in agony. But, his body did not move at
all. From the top of a simple bed, he was lie upwards. His chest and back were tightly
bound by a belt.
If it was only that he could not get up, he understood. Yet, what did it mean by his
unresponsive hands and legs?
The part of him which was tied down was only his torso. There weren't any binds at his limbs.
But still...they could not move. It was as if his arms and legs did not exist.

...Looks like you have regained your consciousness huh.
From somewhere beyond his field of vision, his beloved fiancee's voice could be heard.
Looks like Kayneth finally started finding fault with that sound.
Sola!? This, what on earth......Wh-why I am here?
Lancer carried you back. He save you from your predicament. What's the matter? You
can't recall it at all?
I was......
Shot. In the Einsbern mansion, just as he was about to kill the make-believe ends and odds
magus who remove cheap tricks......
Yet, he should have been shielded from his enemy's bullets by Volumen Hydragum. He could
clearly feel that moment when he was certain of his victory.
However, his memory was interrupted there. Some unknown, excruciating pain had struck
him- apparently, something had happened. When he came to, he was lying down on his back.
He was not even sure how much time had transfer.
In the manner of a palpating theologian, she placed her digit on Kayneth's arm. However,
Kayneth's body senses were completely absent.
There is evidence that the Magic Racetrack in your whole body went scandinavian. Your internal
organs were almost destroyed. Everywhere throughout your body, your muscles and nerves
were damaged. It was a miracle that you did not die instantly.

For the time being, I had only managed to better your internal organs. There's nothing I can
do about your nerves. At this rate, even if you heal as time transfer, don't request for recovery to
the extent that you can stand and run. Besides that-
Listening disinterestedly to his fiancee's diagnosis, Kayneth was gradually tormented by
despair.
Self-injury because of the rampage of his prana. For a magus, an end which is the nearest to
himself, and more fatal than anything else.

Just because Kayneth felt that he was completely not associated with the achieve of such an
elementary mistake, there was no reason for him not to know what that end meant.
Besides that- Kayneth, your Magic Racetrack was completely destroyed. You cannot use
magecraft again.
I......I......
Tears surface in the eyes of the man who was once reputed to be the prodigy Lord El-Melloi.
Why did he receive such an ill treatment? He did not understand at all. The world was
supposed to be benison Kayneth. Unlimited future and splendor were supposed to be
guaranteed for that genius.
The principles of the world in which Kayneth trusted collapsed noisily, leaving no trace
whatsoever.
At this excessively cruel truth, at such incomprehensible unreasonableness, he simply became
frightened and broke down in tears. The Kayneth right now was similar to an infant who had
understood what fear is for the first time.
Don't cry, Kayneth. It is still to early to give up.
Whilst whispering in a comforting voice, Sola caressed his face. In times when he needed it,
it is common for her display of affection towards her fiance to be slightly late.
The Holy Grail war is still going on. Kayneth, the fruits of your create by mental act! As desire as I, the
source of prana, am here, the contract with lancer can still continue. We have not lost yet.
......Sola?
If the Holy Grail is an omnipotent request granter, a carry through recovery for your body should
be entirely possible, right? It'll be great if you win. If you remain in the war and obtain the
Holy Grail, everything will be back to normal.
............
Sorath's words should cheer Kayneth up and give him hope. The encouragement of her as his
partner and supporting fiancee ought to, above all else, give him spirit.
And yet- why did an indescribable uneasiness blow through Kayneth's heart like a depth?

Whether or not it was because of her knowledge of his doubts, displaying the smile of an
affectionate abbess, she held Kayneth's right arm. At the back of his hand which was get
impotent, there were still two Military Unit Spells remaining, creeping on his digit.
That's why, Kayneth......Please hand these Military Unit Spells to me. I will take over Lancer as
a Master. To bring you the Holy Grail.
Relative Quantity-no!
His immediate response was probably because of his brute instinct. Having lost everything,
these two Military Unit Spells were the ending mementoes he had- I must not let it go, Kayneth's
spirit was screaming that.
Lie Kayneth who became afraid for no reason, in a way as if calm a resentful child,
Sola continued her words.
Don't you trust me? Although I don't have a magic crest, I am still some magus from the
Sophia-Ri family. I who am going to marry to the Archibalds; for me to carry out Lord
El-Melloi's duty, is there anything strange with it?
No, but......
Its logic was resounding within him.
Certainly, it was now hard for him to go to the battleground and watch over Lancer's battles.
Now that things had come to such a pass, he could not even protect himself. Just like what the
Einsberns would do, if they were to set an assassin or something like that towards the Master
at the side of the battle between the Servants, he might really suffer his life this time.
Sola's rank as a magus is severely follower to Kayneth. However, Waver who summoned
Alexander, and the bloodthirsty murderer who formed a contract with Caster; those whose
participations as Masters were completely out of the question, were still in this Holy Grail
war. As for battle tactics, even for Sola, it is not entirely impossible for her to win through the
battles.
And then, when it comes to using a Servant, Military Unit Spells which make them yield to the
Master are indispensable. But still...
Kayneth remembered. The hot look Sola had whilst gazing at Lancer had at the hotel late at
night after his first battle ended. An intoxicated glance as if she was reverie, something not
shown to him, her fiance, before.

If she was merely attract by a handsome man, then that is still excusable. It is just a small,
problematic sloth a woman has. Her admiration towards man to that extent was
something which he, as her husband, could not help with.
Yet, Lancer was said to be a case of not just an ordinary handsome mock.
......Sola. Do you think that Lancer would turn away from me and swear allegiance to you?
Towards Kayneth who had killed his reluctance and asked, without any hesitation, Sola
nodded.
He is still but someone who responded to the invitation of the Holy Grail. His heart which
request the Holy Grail is together with letter. Even if his Master is change, for the sake of his
goal, he would endure and accept it.
That is......wrong.
Kayneth said within his heart. Sola may or may not know, but Diarmuid Ua Dubhine, the
heroic spirit, is not such a commendable person.
Certainly, heroic spirits who are called by the Holy Grail as Servants, would influence any
contract in order to participate in the Holy Grail War. As heroic spirits or not, they are
expected to have a reason for seeking the Holy Grail. Because they have wishes they have
charged to the Holy Grail, they submit to their own Masters, and punctuation forward together to
receive the mercy of the Holy Grail.
Because of that, a Servant's Master would face the summoned heroic spirit and start by
asking his request. What he wished for to seek the Holy Grail, why he had responded to his
summon and appeared. As desire as those reasons were not succeed up, their relationship would
not work out. This is because, by any chance, if their respective wishes are totally
logical relation, he may go through a painful betrayal once they acquire the Holy Grail.
Naturally, Kayneth had already asked Diarmuid about his wishes earlier on. Along with or
not whether he had wanted to do anything in the event that they managed to procure the Holy
Grail.
Nevertheless, the heroic spirit did not answer.
No, that is not correct. Diarmuid did not refuse to reply. Just that he denied the question
itself.

In other words, he was not seeking the Holy Grail.
Payment are not necessary. To merely devote his loyalty to his summoner who is his
Master in this life, to fulfil his honor as a chessman. That is his only request.
He could not understand. For a person who was renowned enough to be a heroic spirit to
abandon his pride and be the familiar of a human being, it doesn't add up if he did not have a
great reason as well. It did not turn out to be free service or other diversion.
Yet, no matter how he skillfully he tried to question him, stubbornly, his Lancer did not take
back his previous answer.
If I can fulfill my honor as a chessman, that would be good enough. I will give the wishing
machine, the Holy Grail to Master alone.
All the time, with that persistence, Lancer continued to refuse the Holy Grail.
...If he were to reflect on it, it is possible that since that time, he started to feel distrust
towards the Servant he contracted with.
It is impossible for a Servant not to seek the Holy Grail.
If that's the case, Lancer's answer was definitely an obvious lie. His true intentions were
definitely earth.
That's fine as well, he thought. On Kayneth hands are the Military Unit Spells. As desire as he has
this absolute commanding authority, Diarmuid's betrayal is impossible. Servants are after all,
just tools, no different from any ordinary machines. It is not a problem for something like a
tool to have anything bad earth within its heart. If it can carry out its serve perfectly,
then that is good enough. That was Kayneth's decision until yesterday night.
Nevertheless, in front of Sola who did not doubt Lancer at all, Kayneth could not be as
permit as before.
If that mock permit by Sola...if he idea that mock's words...then unmistakably, he is driven
by a request different from the Holy Grail.
He is a heroic spirit which must not be trusted. To begin with, that was the case in the stories
of his lifetime. Wasn't him the treacherous subordinate who stole his lord's fiance and
abscond

The Military Unit Spells......I'm not transfer them over.
Plainly, Kayneth declared.
Military Unit Spells and Magic Circuits are different systems of magecraft. Now, I can still
effort it. I......right now, I am still Lancer's Master!
Huhh... Sola sighed deeply.
Along with that desire sigh, the gentle smile on her face vanished.
Kayneth, you don't understand huh......Whatever the case, we must win.
Kruck, The dry sound of a grok being stepped on could be heard.
From Kayneth's right hand which she had been treating gently until now, Sola casually
twisted his little finger off.
As usual, there was no pain. However, that passivity caused Kayneth's fear to multiple. Just
like that, without encountering any resistance, she could have easily twist off the remaining
four digit one by one.
Hey, Kayneth. For my standard of spiritual healing techniques, it is impossible for me to
forcibly beef tea your Military Unit Spell. Only when there is permission from the owner himself, I
can remove THIS without any resistance.
Saying that without any expressive style, only her gentle voice was like just now, unchanged. As if
trying to induce a dull-witted child, she continued to the end, calmly.
If you don't permission no matter what......I cannot do anything else but to cut down this right
arm. How about it?

At the position entrance of the leave factory, in the darkness, the thicket which had reverted
back to its silence, grew luxuriantly.
Exposing herself to the cold night air, after waiting for the heat of her excitement to cool
down, Sola called out to the shapeless watchman.

Lancer, please come forth. I have something to say.
Obey to her call, the heroic spirit, Diarmuid immediately materialized beside her.
Under the eyes which were lie down humbly, there was this love spot which further
emphasized his existence bewitchingly. Rate his ease of movements, his wrestler
armor emphasizes more strongly the fearlessness of his body, which is tense like the birds of
animal.
No matter how many times she had seen him, she still let out a sigh. The core of her body
heated up.
Are there anything abnormal outside?
Right now, this place is safe. Occasionally, there is this presence which felt like the prowl
demons which came from Caster. But they do not appear to have sniffed this place out and
come to attack letter. The boundary field Lord Kayneth set has not fallen apart yet.
Nodding, Sola felt relieved inside her heart. If Lancer had been on the lookout so seriously,
he should not have noticed the incident which had occurred inside the building.
Right, Sola-sama. How is Lord Kayneth's state?
Not good. I have denote the usual treatment, but......although his arms are recovering slowly,
his legs are probably over.
With a gloomy expressive style, Sola lowered her head. Looks like this scrupulous heroic spirit
was still feeling responsible for Kayneth's injury.
If I had discriminate the situation more carefully......my master would not have forced to the
point of death right under my nose......
You were not aware of it. Kayneth gather what he swine. He probably wanted to win this
Holy Grail war too much.
No, but......
Towards the hesitating Lancer, Sola hardened her resolve, and let out the words within her
heart.
He is not assume to be your Master, Diarmuid.

Lancer was silent, and stared fixedly at Sola's face. Pinning down her heart which was
entranced by merely this straight look, she lifted up the back of her right hand and indicate it
to Lancer.
Distinctly etched onto it was two Military Unit Spells which were supposed to still be on
Kayneth's hand until just a while ago.
Kayneth has leave office his fighting, and hand over his authority as a Master to me. From
tonight onwards, Lancer- you are my Lancer.
............
After being silent and looked down for a short while, as if already employed, he shook his
head.
I have express loyalty to Lord Kayneth as a chessman. Sola-sama......I cannot permission to that
request.
No way!?
At that reaction which inform her expectations, the one who was rather confused was Sola.
From the start, it is because of my prana that you are still a Servant in this present world
right? And now, I even have as far as the Military Unit Spells. This time, I alone should be your
genuine contractor!
Receiving your prana, being bound by the Military Unit Spells; these words are not related at
all.
Casting down his eyes apologetically, Lancer continued quietly.
Above being a Lancer, I was a chessman before this. There can only be a master to whom I
would devote my loyalty. Sola-sama, please forgive me.
......Am I not fit to be a Master? Diarmuid.
This and that are different-
Look into my eyes and speak!

At her criticism, reluctantly, Lancer lifted his face up, and faced her directly. Those eyes
which were brimming with tears was way beyond what Lancer had expected...moreover, it
was accompanied by the most unpleasant broadcaster vu.
Formerly, he had also faced a lady before who had allege with him with tears in such a
manner.
......Lancer, try with me. Protect me, support me, natural process the Holy Grail with me.
I cannot do that. If Lord Kayneth had renounced fighting, I cannot request for the Holy Grail
as well.
Greatly agitated, Sola almost talk the words which she could not feel back. Barely
restraining herself, after waiting for her throbbing heart to calm down, she continued in a stiff
voice.
If you are still ask for it on being Kayneth's chessman, Lancer, then you have to tug hard to
win the Holy Grail all the more. I have already told you his state just now. For that body
to heal, the help of a miracle is absolutely necessary. Only the Holy Grail fits it, right?
............
Lancer felt silent again. However, this time his silence was affirming and acquiescent.
If you feel responsible for his injury, if you think of access Lord El-Melloi's dignity, if
you do not give the Holy Grail to your Master...
......Sola-sama, as Lord Kayneth's partner, you seek the Holy Grail only for Lord Kayneth. Is
that right?
Th-that's, of gathering.
At Lancer's quiet gaze, Sola gulped and replied.
Can you please swear it? That you have no ulterior motives.
She had wanted to jump into tears if she could. Screaming in an unladylike manner, whilst
clinging onto this lovely man, beam what's in her heart.
Still, if she were to do so, this haughty heroic spirit would probably refuse her point blank
this time. She could not express her heart. At least not now.

-I swear. As Kayneth El-Melloi's wife, I will act the Holy Grail to my husband.
After taking that oath in a firm voice, Lancer finally relaxed his expressive style, and nodded
quietly.
That was something which was probably too faint to be called a smile. Nevertheless, Sola
was over the moon. This is because at ending, his expressive style which indicate signs of a smile was
directed towards her.
That's right, it didn't matter even if it was a lie-Sola thought about her earth heart again.
If she could preserve her ties with this man now, no matter in what way, it didn't matter. For
this sake, no matter how despicable the lie was, she would say it. She would not let anyone
rebuke her for that. That's right, never- she would never allow anyone to prevent her.
He is not a human, but a spiritual being temporarily visiting from another world. A transient
miracle brought forth by the Holy Grail. Yet, Sola's feelings did not change.
If she were to think back, ever since she had reached the age of reasoning, her heart had
frozen. For Sola who was given birth to a family of magecraft who already had a legitimate
child, she was not brought up with the feelings of a woman.
The magecraft's genealogy which was refined repeatedly throughout generations. A lady whose
worth was nothing but that.
In other words, ever since the time the cry of the baby was heard, she had no other USAGE
other than for the arranged marriage.
She did not feel regretful. She did not even harbor questions. There was no discrepancy for her to
choose. She obeyed the arranged marriage her parents agreed upon quite willingly. Her
frozen soul did not feel any lament towards having to call the man she was utterly
uninterested in, husband, for the rest of her life.
However, it is different now.
Before this, has she ever heatedly felt her heart throbbing so rapidly before?
Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri's heart was no longer frozen. That is because she knew the
warmth of her heart which was madly in love.

Even after Sola returned to her bedroom, Lancer was still remaining outside alone, standing
guard. For Servants, sleep is not necessary. As desire as they have enough supply of prana
from their Masters, weariness is unrelated to their body.
Consequently, he had no way to forget his troubles by sleeping,
Recalling Sola's words again and again, Lancer let out a sigh.
That look which leave everything and pleaded with him wholeheartedly and pitifully,
was too similar to the look of his wife in the past.
Princess Grinne.
Imposing the geis of betrayal on him, the perpetrator who caused him to fall from the position
of a glorious hero to that of a refugee. However, Diarmuid never resented her.
Without any other reason, even if it were a passion which was solely due to captivation from
the Mystic Face of the hero, her choice of running away from the seat of Micuart's banquet
for this sake was a decision that, as far as the lady is concerned, was at the venture of her life.
The ties with her person, the pride of the princess, and also the promised glory of the
future......Turning her back to everything, Grinne chose the commissure of love with Diarmuid.
If that beginning was because of the mystical force of his charm, the day when she would
doubt her love would probably come. Nevertheless, without any fear towards such a future,
Grinne continued her way of life with love.
Diarmuid was dragged into this disaster; this is the view of others. Still, the person himself,
Diarmuid, did not have such perception. Above his own suffering, he was the man who
constantly felt more heartache at that of his partner.
At the weight of the geis which tested his pride, he did not even yield to it. There was
reluctance. There were wrestle as well. That was why he felt disturb at his sexual activity
towards the ruler, Fionn mac. In the end, he grew attached to the spirit of Grinne, this
woman, who believed in her feelings until the end; and loved her to the end.
Naturally, their pathway of love was full of hardships.
Driven by jealousy and resentment, Fionn mac Cumhaill militarize everyone of his
word to pursue the two of them who had move flight, and hunted them down like a

wild beast. Whilst protecting the princess, Diarmuid spot not to structure weapons with the
knights under Fionn, with whom he was friends. However, towards the foreign pursuers who
were assembled because of Fionn's pact with them, he did nothing but bare his fangs.
His try with the giant Searban, his fights with the nine Ao Dai, his try with Fionn's keeper,
Witch of the Hindrance......The phenomenon was, Diarmuid's getting stuck at using his valor
which surpassed the previous achievements established in the chessman organization, again and again;
to speculate the flight with Princess Grinne. As for him who was known by others as the
most noble subject, that was too ironic an epic.
Loyalty? Love?
Whilst cutting up the enemies with both his lances, his heart was torn apart again. Though
being tormented by the dilemma of his prove loyalty and geis, his refined, twin lances
pierced through the previous enemies, meaninglessly bringing about deaths.
A lady and two men- Because of merely the sentiments and intractability, much genealogy was
spilled.
At the end of the day, the one who was heartbroken after the inutility of these sacrifice, was
still Fionn. The old master recognized to Diarmuid and Grinne's marriage, award a
proper title and territory, and accept him as a subject again.
The cooperation Diarmuid wanted unceasingly. Yet, that be was just the harbinger of
the conclusive catastrophe.
One day, Diarmuid who was hunting together with Fionn, received a deep wound from a wild
boar's fangs. That was a mortal wound, but since Fionn was beside him, he was not afraid.
That's because, with the records of countless miracles as a hero attached to him, Fionn could
transform spring water scooped with his hands into a miracle anesthetize.
Yet, in front of a subject on the verge of death, the thing which went to and fro in the old
master's mind, was the taste jealousy of the dispute for one woman.
The well from which spring water flowed out, was only nine steps away from the collapsed
Diarmuid.
In order for Fionn to cure the chessman's wound, he only had to walk nine steps and bring back
the water. That alone would suffice. Nevertheless, in spite of such a short distance, water
spilled from his hands twice.

And then at the third time he scooped the water, Diarmuid, the hero's breathing stopped.
-Now, being call in to the present world again as a Servant, looking back at his end during
those past days, Diarmuid had no sense of regret at all. He did not have any intention of
raise anyone. He wanted to reply to his wife's love. He could understand Fionn's anger as
well. It was just that the twist of fate was way too cruel.
It was not just a life full of suffering and anguish only. The insert by which he use with the
king, and the noise-containing follower' talks as well, were left within him as irreplaceable
memories. Although the end was tragic, Diarmuid did not consider being dissatisfied with
God's will. This is because he and the others around him had earnestly lived their lives to the
fullest.
He did not deny the one life which had transfer by him.
Still, speculate that...
He becomes a chessman again, picks up his spears, and lives a second life......
This supposedly impossible miracle was behave within heroic spirit Diarmuid's heart.
His crushed former honor. His pride which could not be fulfilled. A chance to pick it up again.
That was everything Diarmuid wished for.
A path of life with his desire-love wishes, which did not come true in his previous life.
This time, surely, his path of quality...
Together with a loyalty without any shadow of doubt, the honor of lifting up the victory to his
master...
In short, there was absolutely no request Lancer charged towards the Holy Grail. Receiving a
master for a second time, during the times when he stood at the battlefield called Fuyuki,
his request was already half achieved.
And the other half would be accomplished when he attain victory. Bringing the Holy Grail
back to his Master, the moment the fruits of his loyalty take shape, his everything would be
fulfilled.
That was supposed to be only it. He was never supposed to have a request beyond that.

However, Diarmuid's path right now, was beginning to be shrouded with ominous dark
clouds. In between his new ruler's time, the Mystic Face which he was burdened with, was
trying to drive the move in again.
If Sola could come to the creating by mental acts that she was only foolishly entranced by the Mystic Face,
the worst case scenario could be avoided.
Yet, if she were to become the second Grinne and cling onto him tightly, during that time,
would he be able to shake off the woman's feelings?
This was supposed to be a battle to compensate for his tragic fate. If that happens, he would
never want to repeat the tragic fate.
But still, how should he do it?
In the midst of the darkness of the still night, having no way to even discover the answer,
Lancer just looked up to the moon in agony, doing nothing else.

-108:27:55
The make noise of waves flow against the shore.
At the beach, perhaps the ruin of dawn was not far away, for the ashen ray of light which
illuminated the river bank was dominate the light mist with condition.
The sandy beach continued endlessly towards both left and right. The body of water surface was
enveloped in a white frost, and its boundary could not be seen. The masked painting, was it a
land opposite the shore? A faraway horizon? Or, was there nothing at that side?
Besides the restless make noise of the waves, there was absolute silence.
With no clouds on the sky and no travel at the land, even if there were any kind of human
activities, they would be far away from this shore.
Going forward continuously, going forward continuously only towards the east, leaving every
single thing in this world behind at the west; and with that, reaching the desolate, empty
slope.

That is why surely, at the other side of the mist, there was absolutely nothing.
Above that, the world did not exist earlier, and moreover, an working group was impossible. This
place was- the body of water of the region of this world.
By just closing one's eyes, he could hear the make noise of the waves.
That was permitted to no one but the one who went to the extreme end of the world. The
melody of the shout body of water became distant-


He had seemingly nap off lying on the table.
With his shoulders stiffened due to his unreasonable posture, despite moaning with the pain
as if he was numbed, Waver lifted his face.
He had a feeling that he was seeing a somewhat strange dream. A dream which he could see
clearly, despite having no sense of himself; a dream as if he was peeping into someone else's
memory.
The day had already darkened. Looks like he had accidentally wasted his time by nap off
for a very desire time. He clicked his tongue at his own carelessness. Right now, there was
seemingly nothing more valuable than time.
Every Master was travel to get Caster's head on the platter. The attach of a
Military Unit Seal as a reparation to whoever managed to accomplish it the fastest......He did not
even expect any hands to let this off. Especially for Waver, the runaway who has Alexander
as his Servant, the mandatory injunction authority of the Military Unit Seals could also be called as the ending
resort. He would not hand it over, whatever the circumstances.
No matter who the heroic spirit is, if it is of the class Caster, it is not wrong to say that he is a
Servant who is someone full of tricks up his sleeves. The one who can challenge him head on
without any create by mental act, is someone like Saber's class which have of strong magic resistance ability.
As for Rider, a class separate from the three knights; generally, he would have no choice but
to face him with some strange strategy in hand. In reality, he judged that Alexander's magic

resistance is about D destroy......he had no choice but to do with that calm amount of
defense.
Because of that, the best way thing to do when he faces Caster, is to skillfully stimulate Saber
towards Caster, as if he was going to try Saber; and to wait for their drop out. However, the
supplementary Military Unit Seal he was tug for at great size, would escape him.
Declare an organization with Saber to collaborate with them to hunt Caster down would be a
poor plan. If he were to think of fighting forward in the Holy Grail war advantageously, not
outwitting the others here would be meaningless.
A whole day and night after the announcement at Fuyuki church. For the time being, he had
directed Rider to investigate about it, an idea which had struck him. Plan to work out a
strategy, Waver had stayed back at his house, but......distressed, he finally fall asleep; because
of which, that arrogant Servant would say something sarcastic to him.
No, it would be great if he finished off with just ordinary sarcasm- Recalling the pain due to
the innumerable times of blow at his forehead, Waver grasped his forehead reflexively. He
hated that already. Sooner or later, won't it cause a crack at his skull?
Whilst thinking about that, Waver heard brisk footsteps average up the staircase from the
downstairs, and froze. Come to think of it, it was about time the old woman finished the
party preparations and came up to call Waver. Right now, the things which were
suspicious-looking were- for the time being, not there.
After a humble sound, the voice of the old woman could be heard, but its broadcast was
completely different from what Waver expected.
Waver-chan, Alex-san has arrived.
Haa?
Who? As he was about to ask back, an extremely disturbing heart struck Waver's mind.
Alex......ALEX......ANDER?
How could this be? Just as he thought that, gahaha!, a hearty laughter in a loud voice travel
from the living room downstairs.
......WAIT a minuteeeeeeeee!?

His expressive style changing, Waver leave out of his room, and without so much as a glance at
the dumbstruck old woman, he ran down the stairs as if he was half-exercise down, and
leaped into the dining kitchen at which dinner preparation was starting.
The television was on every night's variety. Glenn, the old man who enjoys having ale to go
along with the electric motor. In the usual dinner view, there was about one extra foreign object
within it.
Be his big frame dangerously, sitting on the guest chair, Yo! that Servant lifted his
hand relaxedly, after which, Gulp gulp, drained the cup into which beer had been supply.
Wow, what a pleasant drink!
Holding a bottle in his hand and advancing onto the next one, Glen-shi who had acquired this
drinking partner, was completely delighted.
Our Waver as well. After average back from England, I had hoped that he would feel alcohol
at least once, but he is still can't do it. I have been so bored until now!
Hahaha, that's because he doesn't know how to enjoy himself. 'People who enjoyed life will
win,' I had always been trying to tell him that.
A friendly chat between the old man and the King of Conquerors. At this spectacle which
appeared to not just be a bad diversion, Waver could not even say a statement.
Returning to the kitchen after that, with a troubled look on her face, the woman tapped
Waver's shoulder.
You can't be like that. If a guest is average, you have to tell me earlier. If I had known about
that, I would have prepared a better feast. Geez.
......err, eh......?
Smiling at Waver who was somewhere else, Rider shook his head.
No no madam, please don't trouble yourself. That's because a simple home-like style is the
best welcome.
Hmm. You are quite good at praise.
Ohoho, the laughing wife was completely understand up in Rider's cheerful walk. Looks like
Waver was the only one who had become unreadably still in this atmosphere.

As you have known, our Waver is that sort of temperamental person, right? I can't help but
to worry if he is getting along fine in the school in England. If he has such a dependable
person like you, sir, as a good associate, looks like I have worried too much for nothing!
No no. He is the one who has been of help to me. These trousers, even he had chosen and
bought it for me. Looks great on me, doesn't it!
At the time when he was entrusted with external businesses, Waver make stuck with buying
stuff for him, and bought an XL-magnitude washed-jeans for Rider, which he proudly indicate off. It
was still a mystery as to how on earth the conversation between the two worked out, but at
any rate, Waver was at ending, beginning to understand what type of person Alex-san to the
Mackenzie couple is.
As for the old couple who was allude by magecraft, Waver is their grandson, carry his
examination abroad in England. But for Rider, he is transfer off as a associate Waver met during his
water travel, and has boldly paid the Mackenzie residence a visit, thus arrange down at a seat at
the dinner table- this is seemingly the chain of events.
He thought about how the old couple could believe Rider so easily- probably it was because
of Rider's huge magnitude which forced them to do so.
Alex-san, until when do you plan to be in Japan?
Er, well, until I settle some juvenile accountancy, that's about, close to a week.
If it's okay, hey, how about stop at our house? Unfortunately, we don't have a small room
to be used as a guest room, but if a futon is spread out on Waver's room, one more person
should be able to sleep there, right? Hey, Waver?
............
FUTON? Ooh, this country's plant! I really want to enjoy it to the fullest!
HAHAHA. Sleeping on the floor instead of a bed; it would feel strange during the times
when you are still not used to it. Although we have been here for a desire time, we were really
surprised by it at the beginning!
That thing is the request of this foreign country huh. I like the astonishment of unknown things.
No matter what age it is, I would always enjoy Asia!

Although he had unintentionally inform himself by using the first person function word, without
even the slightest hint of acceptance, old man Glen nodded with a smile on his face.
Come now, it's about time the meal was ready. Waver-chan, please take your seat as well.
Being urged by the old wife, Waver sat down on his chair, dispirited. The seat on which he
was already supposed to get used to sitting, no matter what he did tonight, was still
uncomfortable.
Although dinner had suddenly changed from the everyday one, displaying a grandeur similar
to a semi-feast, eventually, Waver was silent from the start till the end. Sitting beside Rider
who was laughing heartily and unreservedly, he did not even feel the taste of the food he put
into his mouth.

So, what the heck are you doing??
After finishing dinner, Rider went back to the room again, holding a futon set borrowed from
the landlord under his cavity. And then, Waver started off by questioning the Servant.
What......If I were to enter the main door normally, an excuse is absolutely necessary right?
When you come in and out, TURN INTO SPIRITUAL INFLUENCE! I HAVE TOLD YOU SO
MANY TIMES!!
Confronting such a Waver who express a tantrum and was half-crying, Rider became
disappointed instead.
But I can't bring THIS in if I turn into spiritual influence...
Saying that, the object the giant indicate was a small person indefinite quantity brought into the room under
the semblance of being a travel hand luggage.
I dunno what it is, but bringing this thing back is my duty for the day isn't it? For this sake,
you had even openly given me these trousers. In the first place, the one who ordered me was
you, wasn't it?
That's why I said......If you would just place that thing in front of the house secretly, I can
just go and get it afterwards. That's all!!

If that's the case, isn't it the same if I enter the main entrance openly and think of an excuse?
Or should I say, in the first place, what the heck is this!?
With a rather unsatisfied expressive style, Waver become the bag Rider held out, and inspected the
contents.
There were altogether twenty-four test cylinder being chink by playing card. As for those
containers which were develop from their handwritten alphabetical declare, all of them
were sealed with colourless and transparent consonant.
Finally, I can wear trousers. I had wanted to take a stroll down some cheer up
areasbut for me, the King of Conquerors, why did you want me to go to a country-like
bank to draw water?
That's much more meaningful than chew grain rustic and watching the television,
that's why.
Waver swiftly succeed the table, and removed the whole set of experiment tools, one of the
few valuable items he brought from his school building in London. He then prepared the
operation.
Vials into which ores and chemical agent were provide, spirit lamp mortar, droppers......At those
apparatus which were lined up on the desk one by one, the King of Conquerors frowned.
What is this? So you plan to start off with some make-believe alchemy?
It's the real thing, not make-believe. Idiot.
While state disappointedly, Waver set up the test tubes Rider brought back in the tube
gait according to the labels. And then he selected the chromatic color chemical agent, and mixed
them together. This was just something which was repeated many times in the Quantify Tower
as the basic subject. As for the amount, even with his eyes closed, he would not go wrong.
Just to be sure, but you're sure that you did not make any mistake with the sing drawn on
the map?
Are you looking down on me, black man? What could possibly go wrong with something of such
standard?

Sound, Rider shake the folded up map to Waver. Fuyuki city's carry through map. Besides
that, with a roughly fixed interval, fundamentals provide the map alongside the Mion River from
the river mouth upstream.
The inscriptions on the map were marked with labels from the test tubes Rider brought back.
The liquid content was the water of the Mion River retrieved from designated spots along the
river. As for Rider who wanted to go out in the materialized influence no matter what, with his
buying cover for Rider as a state, Waver ordered him to collect the river water. As
expected, leaving whether Rider would be of use or not aside, it seems that it was a more
useful task than ordering him out for something like a useless walk.
......What am I doing?
Silently, he get progress on the preparation of the chemical agent, and as if going back to the
elementary department at Quantify Tower, Waver was quite unhappy. He who should be
participating glamorously in the Holy Grail war as a Servant's Master, why is he repeating
such plain and boring work again?
Whilst letting out a melancholic sigh, he plugged the chemical agent which were fully mixed with a
remark. With that done, first of all, he unplugged the stopper of the test tube labelled A,
and dropped a drop of reagent into the center.
......Uwahh.
Overgrow his expectation, the reaction was instantaneous. The water which was supposed to
be colorless and transparent, suddenly turned into ferric oxide red color.
-t on earth is this?
He thought that Rider would surely start with the sequel of the video, but Rider was watching
the experiment over Waver's shoulder with an engrossed expressive style. Although explaining
was troublesome, because a barrage of questions would transgress upon his work even more,
Waver did not treat him and answered.
Traces of the remains of the procedure. The remains of the magecraft in the water.
Label A, namely the position where the river mouth is the closest to the body of water. At that location,
such a reaction was evidently abnormal.

The upstream of the riverbut still at a position considerably close to the river mouth. Who
act magecraft there? If we go upstream from here, we could probably grasp the
location.
......Black Man, since the start, did you realize that the water of that river is mixed with such a
thing?
No way! But it is a land with water flowing through the heart of the city. It is natural to start
investigating from the water.
To find out the whereabouts of the magi, the easiest way is the Water part. As an
absolute principle, water is something which flows from a higher place to a lower place.
Compared to the effort needed to evaluate the wind's direction and read the earth's pulse,
finding the lowest motion of the water pulse is the least laborious. And this is further the case
for a land with rivers.
In the case where there are other ways of investigation, he thought as far as starting off with
the easiest one first, but......it seems like Waver had already drawn the winner. For now, it
could be said that luck was with him.
Blood Group, Nucleotide, D......Following the order, he deftly dropped the reagent into the river water in the test
tubes. As it formation toward upstream, the reaction becomes increasingly stronger. At this
diversion-like salience, Waver's emotions surpassed wonder, into breathe shock. This could
be nothing but due to someone setting up a workshop right in the middle of the river, and
get rid of the waste directly without any precaution whatsoever. Such a magus who is worse
than third-rate magi, and is but a mere fool, does not exno, exists. That very noob. The
incident Waver heard from the supervising Father at the church, to which he was summoned
this morning.
But still, confirming it with such a way......I don't feel proud at all.
Spend his resource to outdo the enemy, competing their wonders with each
otherthat is the Magecraft Contest which Waver imagined. What he was doing nowmaking progress by carrying out underground investigation like a police forensic- was
something people with no talent whatsoever do. Though he had already grasped the positive
results in his hands, what was left in Waver's heart was the bad afterimage of humiliation.
The reaction of Label Chemical Element, was now in the state of a black ink. If it becomes any murkier than
this, such a simple method like this could no longer be used for the analysis.

With the expectation of what would happen, he dropped the reagent into test tube Letter.
......
The water bide transparent. No matter how vigorously he shook it, there was no
response.
Waver opened up the map again, and pointed at the P and Q scribblings.
Rider, here, and here, what's in between them? Consume approach trench? Mouth of an medical care
marketing?
Oh? There was something remarkably big there...
That's it! If we track back this thing, Caster's workshop is probably there.
......
For some reason, with a solemn face, Rider gazed at Waver closely.
Oi, black man. Could it be that you are some great excellent magus?
At those utterly unexpected words, Waver could not help but to take it as something cynical.
Inhale, he turned away.
This is not something great magi would do. The method is the worst among the worst. YOU,
you're achieve activity of me huh.
What are you talking about? If you achieve good results using a poor method, isn't that a
much greater achievement than starting from better methods? You should be proud of
yourself! As a Servant, I am proud as well.
Laughing boldly, Rider gesticulate the master of a small build. Increasingly upset, Waver tried
to retort, but realizing that it was completely useless to evangelize the mysteries of magecraft to
this Servant, he held his silence and shrugged off the matter.
All right! After grasping the location, it is now my turn! Hey black man, do you plan to strike at
once?
Hey wait! The enemy is Caster. Attacking immediately may be a little stupid.

For a magus, the order of his workshop can be said to be the compilation of the magic he
beat within him. Consequently, carry the workshop means possessing the equivalent
power, skills, and everything of the assets, and to challenge head-on.
Especially the one who is called the hero of sorcery , Servant Caster. The ability of the class'
attribute, Territory Creation, is increase. As desire as he possesses the ability which endow
him to create within the shortest time, the workshop which confirm the very best result
whatever the terrain and requirements are, in this battle, Caster is the one who can boast of
being the strongest among the seven Servants. Because of that, in going against that
workshop, reckless actions like attempting a head-on level action, even if it were
Caster's natural enemy, Saber; would be equivalent to killing.
Such a standard of reasoning should be understood even by Rider, but apparently, this
Servant did not even have the slightest consideration for that. Before one noticed, Rider had
already materialized the Sword of European, envelop it, and in that manner, tapped Waver's
shoulder whilst grinning broadly.
Look. In a war, the camp's position changes every now and then. If you have grasped the
position and don't strike with immediately; if you let them slip, it would be too late then to
even regret.
......You, why are you so fired up again today?
Of gathering! My Master has finally shown some achievement which is likely to get letter some
results. If that's the case, bringing back the head of the enemy and give my master, that is
my spirit as a Servant.
......
At such a ticklish manner of saying things, Waver was also at a loss of the best words to
answer back.
As if taking that silence as permission, whilst laughing wholeheartedly, Rider break even his Master's
slender shoulder and nodded.
Don't give up at such a beginning. For the time being, we just try to strike them, isn't it?
Maybe we can unexpectedly force this off?
......

The former soldiers under the King of Conquerors, were they dragged about in this way until
the extreme east end of Asia as well? Thinking that, Waver could not suppress his sympathy
towards the ancient warriors.

-106:08:19
Eventually, they somehow did it.
The interior of the drain Waver discovered, was indeed the gathering place of non-humans.
Possessing countless tentacles, the innumerable plant monsters stayed there as if crowding
together in the narrow dig, lying in wait to strangle any pitiful trespasser to death.
Naturally, although he was shown such a disgusting scene, for Alexander, the King of
Conquerors, there was no other correct apart from one.
aaaalalalalaie!!
The walk rampage of Gordius Wheel  Wheel of Region's Authority in the sewer was
just like a lightning-clad workman. The body fluids and pieces of flesh of the monsters which
was ran down, trampled and burn, thickly provide the inside of the tunnel like a fog.
Together on the car, it was as if Waver could not see his surroundings.
Riding alongside Rider at the coachman's box, if the protection field were not covering them,
he would surely become not able to breathe, and would probably suffocate due to the
drizzle of genealogy from overflowing demons. In spite of that, the more he protected his
breathing organs with magecraft scute, the more he had to block his sense of smell. If not,
he would probably faint from the excessively heavy stench of intestines.
He thought they would be accept with some intricate and mysterious defense...but this
time, the furniture Caster established had nothing but an enormous grammatical category of familiars positioned
there; besides that, magecraft attire or traps were completely absent. Compared with the
standard of magi, this was neither a workshop nor anything else. It was just an ordinary
siege used to position their army, to strengthen their defence.
Defence like this which only relied on the grammatical category of the small fries, was not a suitable animal
for Servants give with Anti-Army Noble Phantasms. Therefore, for Rider, this was but a
resistance-less turn of events, an anticlimax.

Hey black man, you said attacking the magus' workshop, but it's just this childish thing?
......No, this is weird. This time, the Caster is probably not a proper magus.
Aah? What d'ya mean by that?
For example, in the legends during his lifetime, be it summoning demons, or possessing
manual or that sort, with just that anecdote being transfer down, and that person himself is
not really a magus, logical relation to what he is famous for, even if he were to be appear as Caster,
won't that ability be something limited?
After being get to shun his body senses for about a few minutes due to the cry of the
creatures which were being ran down, Waver now raised his voice undauntedly against the
sounds of the clamorous kill, as he related at great length that carefree analysis, to the
extent of his nerves getting numb.
Generally, if this is the real workshop, such a defenseless deliver of swimming kick would be
strange. If he were a decent magus, such a blunder is impossible.
Huuuh, so that's it? ......Hmm? Are we about to reach the end?
The wall of flesh of the pulverized creatures which were trying in vain to block their path,
had weaken down before they realized. Before desire, there was no more tentacle left; and the
transport was released from the genealogy small indefinite quantity, springing into a wide space. Just like before, the
surrounding was in pitch darkness, without even a ray of light. There was no motion of air as
well, but they could no longer feel the oppressive feeling like when they were in that narrow,
restrain space.
Fuuun, unfortunately, Caster's not around...
Probably, there was no problem for a Servant's eyesight even within this carry through darkness.
Rider expectorate absent-mindedly. He had said that in a strangely low tone, probably because
of his disappointment at letting the enemy escape, but at this time, Waver did not realize as
well.
A water process? Or what is it? Here......
He had wanted a hand light, but if by any chance they would end up in a place where there
were troops lying in ambush within this darkness, it would be something which communicate them
their direct position. It would be great if he could better his vision with his magecraft skills
and see through the darkness.

......Aah, black man. I think it's better for you not to look.
It was rare for Rider to be this frank. At his excuse which was as if there was something stuck
in between his teeth, obviously Waver would become astonished.
What are you talking about!? If Caster is not here, we have to at least find out some clue as
to where he is!!
That's probably true but, oh well. Black Man, that mock is too much for you.
Shut up!
Becoming serious of the turn of events which were meant to be, Waver jumped down from
the driver's seat of the transport and stood on the floor, and activated his night vision ability.
Instantly, his field of vision opened up like a fog empty up, and the spectacle ahead of him
which was masked by the darkness earlier, opened up as well.
Until the moment he tried to understand the situation around him, he had forgotten how he
blocked the odor which had been hanging in the air of the sewer, even until here. He had been
thinking all this while that the splashing sound of the water when he jumped onto the floor,
was merely because of the waste water.
...Wh-wha
Waver Velvet is a magus. He prepared his heart for the every type of mystery whose
reasoning were outside his ethics.
He knew that the ritual he was participating in now was one with unparalleled brutal murders,
and thus, did not spare any sweet feeling towards them. If he had not conceptualize himself
seeing dead bodies put up, he would not have any tinge of hope of stop in this try.
Because of that, Waver resolved to never be shaken, whatever the death which might
spring out surprisingly into his sight. Because this Fuyuki is the battleground, it is natural to
see dead bodies.
Even if their numbers were enormous, even if they were to be damage till losing their entire
human appearancein the end, corpses are still but corpses. He would facial expression at such goriness
and atrocity, but there was nothing he could not tolerate.
He had been thinking about this. Until this very instant.

The limits of Waver's imagination were that corpses were but remains of human bodies in the
end; nothing but the result of their destruction. However, the scene before his very eyes now,
surpassed his previous thought completely.
As an information, that place was just like a variety course.
There were furniture. There were cover as well. Musical semantic role; cutting implement. Various items
uses of which were not understood at all; they probably were just pictures or drawing. The
enthusiasm of the person apply himself completely into intend them diligently, and his
consumer sense of activity could be perceived.
Unmistakably, the skilled worker who get these ceaselessly loved his raw materials, and the
produce process itself.
They understood that there was someone who violently discovered pleasures. That might be
the person who committed those murders. But the things in this genealogy-stained space were not
corpses.
There wasn't a single destroyed remains here. Everything was a new creation; an art. Their
lives as human equate, their carcass as human equate were completely discarded
meaninglessly during the process of the artthat was the entirety of the slaughter at that
place.
Murders which were done creatively to amuse himself; this behavior which created art by
means of death, had far exceeded the maximum destroy Waver's mind could possibly take.
Above simple emotions like horror and disgust, at such a graphically realistic and alarming
shock, Waver could not even stand straight. Before he realized, he was already on the
bloodstained floor on both his hands and knees, excrete all the contents of his stomach.
Rider descended from his transport. Standing beside Waver, he sighed deeply.
That's why, eh...I've asked you to stop, but...
Shut up!!
At the gigantic Servant's symptom murmurwithin his discourage heart, the ending bit of
self-dignity was backscatter into fire sparks.
His intense expression of fury had no reason or logic whatsoever. Kneeling here, his weakness
was detestable. Of all times, for this weakness to be revealed in front of his Servant was an
utterly control humiliation.

Son of a canine! Treating me as an idiot! Dammit!!
Now's not the time to get into elasticity. Idiot.
Rider spat that out with a sigh, and yet, for some reason, he was not amazed, nor did he
shame Waver. Instead, his voice could be heard in a quiet, admonishing tone.
It's okay, that's all for now. If there is someone who would not twitch and eyebrow even
after being shown such a thing, I'll go and blow him.
Rather, I praise your decision, black man. The plan of bringing Caster and his Master down first is
true indeed. Now I see, every second such people exist is disgusting.
......
Although he was mention by Rider, Waver could not be honestly glad at all. The reason
he set Caster as his victim was to get the supplementary Military Unit Spell shown by the
supervisor as a reward. Obviously, he did not tell Rider that. That's because there would be
no reason for a Servant to feel in the unnecessary increase of the Military Unit Spells which
bind them.
Among those words Rider said to Waver, none of them bear malice. And yet, Waver strongly
loathed that towering Servant.
He did not show even the respectful asana Servants normally have towards their Masters.
On the logical relation, he kept having this behavior of treating Waver as an idiot. If that was all,
then it's still all right. But, the things which is most unforgivable was- despite his rare
initiate to praise Waver, at such moments, he had such irrelevant misunderstanding towards
him.
What are you kill me for!? Idiot! Aren't you standing there unconcerned!? Am I not the
only one who's ashamed!?
Even though he was vomiting heavily until tears came out, with a furious voice, he snapped
at Rider with all his might. At that, in an extremely troubled manner, Rider's mouth formed a
shape.
For me, now's not the time to hold your emotions. That's because my Master's about to be
killed.
...Eh?

Not even having the free time to doubt what he heard, Rider's next move was executed with
lightning speed.
He express the Sword of European he removed from the sheath at his waist overhead, which gave
off bright sparks in the empty space.
After that, riding on ahead with a bird-of-animal-like agility despite his big magnitude, with the sword
which returned to him, he become a swift reduce.
The sound of meat being ripped apart and getting wet. A scream of agony and splatter of
crimson red genealogy.
With breathe content, Waver was staring at the black-change state corpse which had fallen over.
When on earth did that wrongdoer take up behind Waver? And then, since when did Rider sense
that presence? As for the thing Rider's sword knocked off just now, it was something the
shadow clothed in black aimed and express at him- a Dark dagger. With the throw of that
dagger, Rider was able to finally ascertain the exact position of the enemy. Within the instant
he did not expect, this bloodstained water tank had already become a battlefield.
However, above everything else, the thing which stared bewilderedly at Waver was a white
skull mask of the dark shadow which fall due to Rider's execution.
Assassin......It can't be...
It was an impossible mystery. That's because Waver had seen the defeat and annihilation of
Assassin himself through the eyes of his familiar.
Now's not the time to be shocked, black man.
With his sword in readied, Rider quietly rede him. As if confronting the mock who was
shielding Waver, in the darkness, two more white skull masks appeared.
Wh-Wh-Wh-Why!? Why are there four Assassins!?
No matter what it is, it's not the issue now.
Lie such an obviously abnormal situation, Rider's asana was still very composed.
No matter how fishy the gathering of events was, to him, the situation right now was his only
concern.

There is one thing which can definitely be said of this- Those who thought that THESE
GUYS had died, have been misinform...
Anyhow, Rider who was protecting Waver now, was not shaken at all. Understand that
situation, the two Assassins clicked their tongues within their hearts regretfully.
In reality, to them, this turn of events was a completely inexcusable collapse.
Apart from the two which were dispatched out, among the Assassins which were spread to
observe Caster and his master, Ryuunosuke, there were still three left outside the workshop,
watching them all the time- these three people.
If possible, they had wanted to take the opportunity of Caster's nonattendance to steal into the
workshop to investigate the place. But since they did not know what was inside Caster's base,
they had no choice but to be people. However, witnessing how Rider and his master who
had appeared, foolishly attacking it head on from the front, the three of them decided that it
was a great chance. Secretly pursuing them from the opening Rider get, they planned to
find out the status of the defense of the workshop, if the situation permitted it.
Even so, Rider managed to reach the interior of the workshop without any trouble. So
unexpectedly, the Assassins managed to penetrate Caster's base too. One of the Assassins
who was satisfied with this unexpected turn of events became greedily obsessed. With the
extremely defenseless Rider's Master ahead of them, he could not resist tell from their
duty.
Obviously, it was a clear turn from their Master, Kirei's instructions. Despite that, if
they could successfully destroy Rider here, they would probably not be reprimanded. To
the Assassins, the situation was that attractive.
Eventually, the three agreed upon an extreme gamble. In the end, it was a superb failure.
Although the remaining two Assassins prudently discerned Rider's next move, they copy an
asking glance at each other. Should they continue their two-on-one battle against Rider
here......
Without much stare, both of them had only one answer. Ever since the moment they
lost their surprise attack, their chance of victory was already lost. Visually measuring the
difference in strength between them and Rider, they had absolutely no chance of winning.
They resented it, but retreating here and lie Kirei's wrath would be many times better than
being dead here.

As soon as they mutually understood each other, both Assassins turned into spiritual influence
swiftly, and their figures disappeared from Rider's sight.
They...escaped?
No, Rider warn Waver who had started to feel relieved.
Although two had died, there are still two left. If this inclination continues, we don't know how
many more Assassins would come forth. This is a bad place. A terrain those guys like. We
have to retreat immediately.
Still not immerse the sword, Rider break even Waver's chin, and pointed towards the transport.
Black Man, get back to my transport! Once we start off, the enemy won't have any chance to strike.
This place......should we leave it as it is?
Pointing at the workshop which he was still people to directly look at until now, Waver asked
that in a gloomy voice.
Although we might know something if we investigate further......give it up! For the time
being, we'll just wreck this place whatever we can. Who distinguish if it might end up frustrating
Caster's create by mental act?
With his asana changing suddenly from just now when he trampled on the opposing
demons outside the workshop, Rider was now more people. Although some part of him still
wanted to advance on the grotesque-looking demonic beasts recklessly, the assassins'
shadows which had drew near them without them noticing, had probably get him felt quite
seriously threatened.
Are there any person...
Waver said that in a dim voice. After surveying the surrounding deliberately with a glance
which understand the darkness, Rider shook his head with a taste face.
There are some of them who are still breathing, but......in that state, it would be more
merciful to kill them off.
Waver did not feel him brave enough to ask what Rider had seen within the dark.
Both of them catch the driver's seat of the transport again. Rider become up the reins, and the
raging bulls bellowed angrily, sending lightning in the darkness.

Sorry for the restrict space, but there's something I really count on you, Children of Zeus.
Burn this place down to ashes!!
Together with Rider's utter, the heavenly oxen stomped their dance, savagely going around the
workshop which was stained with genealogy as if represent a  (Yen) character. Once being
trampled on by the hoofs which burn even the air, the only thing left was breathe
destruction. The nightmarish work Caster and Ryuunosuke treasured so much were
swept cleanly without any trace in the blink of an eye. Moreover, the transport went about like
this for two or three times, and nothing was left in the interior of the spacious water tank
apart from the heavy stench of burned animal tissue.
Surveying the aftermath of the turn destruction, Waver's expressive style was still gloomy.
Something like this would not bring about any solution at all. Having this miserable thought,
the apprentice magus' heart squirmed.
With his big hand, Rider grimly gave Waver a gentle rub at his head.
Wrecking his base like this, even if Caster diversion, he can't hide anywhere at all. After this,
he might come out overwhelm, confused. Singing requiem for that mock doesn't sound too
far-bring, does it?
Wa- Make it! -Stop that!
At that humiliating treatment which intentionally emphasized on his short shortness, Waver copy
away his sad look and became degrade. While laughing boldly, Rider remove at his bridle,
and they sped back to the sewer.
Mix out of that narrow tunnel into the river surface of the Mion river under the night sky
become only a little time. Devour the clean, hot pepper air outside as if it had been a desire time, the
relieved feeling finally calmed Waver's nerves down.
Oh my, what a stinky place that was. Tonight, I want to have a grand alcohol to get these
feelings off my chest!
......Let me get this straight first. I won't accompany you in drinking.
Or rather, he couldn't drink. Every time, even by merely sitting beside Rider watching him
drink sake, Waver would feel sick at the strong odor of alcohol.
Hmph, I'm not even give birth this chicken-like you to accompany me! Aaaahhh~Boring! Isn't
there any river bank where I can get happily drunk? ......Oooh, that's it!

Pomp!! Rider gesticulate his hands together knowingly.
Waver had absolutely no idea what that meant, but he had a really bad feeling about it.

-105:57:00
Tsaka Rin was prepared.
Since she was the inheritor of a family of magi, she was bound to walk a path different from
that of ordinary girls.
There was a very good example beside her: the greatest, most handsome, and most gentle
adult she ever knew.
In her eyes, her father Tokiomi was nearly a perfect human. Although many girls her age also
admire their fathers, Rin believed no other female offspring would love her father as deeply as she
did.
To become a musician when she ankylose up, to become a beautiful newlywed when she ankylose up
girls Rins age perhaps all harbor such wishes, but Rins request was different.
Things like activity are second-only on her list; her biggest request was to become someone
as great as her father.
That is to say, evaluate the road her father was walking, evaluate to accept the destiny that
her father accepted. In other words  to inherit and continue the Tsakas genealogy of magecraft.
But that was only a request, not something that would come true just by hoping so. Firstly, she
has to get the approval of her teacher, her father. She was rather anxious about the fact that
her father hadnt yet expressed the request of entrusting the family to Rin in the future. Maybe
her father hadnt acknowledged she has the aptitude to become a magus.
But even so, her request had never changed, so she felt proud of the alert she had get.
Of gathering, Rin knew far more about what was currently happening in Fuyuki city than her
classmates. Although she still couldnt comprehend it as profoundly as her parents, she knew
more truths than most ordinary people on the street.
Seven magi, her father included, were undertaking a war.

Fatal and unearthly threats be in the night streets.
Because she knew some truths, Rins heart felt a particular sense of responsibility.
Her associate Kotone didnt come to school yesterday or today.
The classroom teacher said she was sick at home, but the rumor spreading in the class was
different.
Even when Rin called her house, her parents didnt want to deal with Rin.
Nowadays capture of children were occurring repeatedly in Fuyuki and they cant be
solved with simple investigations alone. Even if people report it to the police, it is very
unlikely the children will come back. The educator at school and Kotones family and friends
certainly didnt not realize this, except Rin.
Kotone had always trusted Rin very much. Rin would always stand up for Kotone, be it when
she was bullied by boys in their class or when the librarian forced work onto her. Rin was
proud of being so trusted and respected by her acquaintance. Always maintain your elegance
it was a good opportunity for Rin to put the family creed into action whenever she helped
Kotone.
Right now, Kotone must also be waiting for Rin to go and save her.
In fact, she could have asked her magus father for help, but her father was one of the
associate of the war and didnt call back since he moved to the house in Miyama ending
month. Also, her abbess strictly ordered her not to disturb her father.
With a tone that was like saying never go out at night.
Rin had always obeyed her parents words, but she couldnt leave a associate who was in a
dangerous situation.
And then - no matter what, she only had to go through one sleepless night.

Actually, back then Rin only knew parts of the truth, and her mind was not yet mature.
Unknown to her, whether due to her sense of duty or the so-called conscientiousness call, she was
brought into an area that she should never had stepped in, while she herself didnt realize it at
all at that time.

Compared to the Tsaka house, tightly cover with enclose fields, it was all too easily
escaping from her room in the Zenj house.
Climb out of the bedroom window, slide down the gallery pillar into the garden, then get
outside the barrier through the back door.
She become barely five minutes to come out, but she cant use the same route when she comes
back. Its easy to slide down the gallery pillar but far too hard to climb back up.
When she thought it would be impossible to hide the fact that she pass out tonight and her
parents are bound to unpleasant person her harshly, Rin told herself it wasnt for something shameful that
she sneaked out but she had to do this because she is someone of the Tsaka family. She
would definitely bring Kotone back with her when she returns. Then, no matter how bad her
parents might scold her, she would feel proud about herself in her own heart.
She was armed with three things.
The most trustworthy was the magecraft achieve her father gave to her on her date. It
looked like an ordinary compass from its shape and artifact, but it wouldnt point towards
the north and point towards the direction where strong amounts of prana emanate out instead.
Rin had investigate with it, and neither wind nor water could change the detection of small
movements of prana. If something abnormal happens, this would undoubtedly be the most
useful.
The rest were two piece of crystal that Rin specially crafted while she prosecute jewel
magecraft. She remove the two best works from her fill ones. If all the prana stored in
them were to be released at once  although shes never tried something so dangerous  it
would probably cause a small effusion. It can be a weapon of self-defense in the face of
hazard.
With these equipments, and together with her own strength, Rin believed she would
definitely find Kotone and bring her back.
If someone was to ask her, will everything be alright? She would definitely nod her head.
If someone was to ask, will everything really be alright? Then she might nod rather
hesitantly.

And if someone was to ask, can she really really be certain that not a single mistake will be
get  then even she herself would probably not dare to reply.
Actually, this question doesnt feel much meaning for Rin. If someone was really going to
ask anything then they should firstly ask would Kotone be alright, and would Rin manage if
Kotone never come to school again? If she was posed with such questions, she would
definitely reply immediately and without a doubt.
Gathering her spirit and pride, Rin told herself shes not like those fearful normal children.
She chased away the cowardice in her heart and started to walk towards the closest cable car
station. Fuyuki Shinto is only one station away, and the change she had were just enough for
the book.



She did miss the Fuyuki night air. The icy cold scent of winter was just the right thing to cool
down her burning hot skin.
Rin naively thought it would be great if she can find Kotone before the final cable car of the
night. But that would leave her with only two hours, and that wouldnt be enough time at all.
Firstly, shell investigate Shinto. If she went to Miyama the magecraft compass would just
point straight towards the Tsaka house, and if she went there its very possible her father
would discover her.
Judging by adult standards, it was not yet midnight, but the amount of people on the street
was pitifully small. Normally when she was going home place of business workers would be rushing
about, and even at night lively groups of people still throbbed on the street.
Rin was dumbfolded by the reaction of the compass needle after she opened the trunk lid of the
magecraft compass.
Whats this?
The needle, which normally wavered just a little, was rapidly spinning in circles. It was the
first time she saw this kind of phenomenon. This reaction, as if of a confused little animal,
get a shadow pass across Rins heart.

But it wouldnt be the best idea to just stand here. The few adults who just walked by already
gave questioning looks to Rin, who was standing alone. Lets just start walking first.
The further she walked, the more sparse people became. Is this really the Fuyuki city shes so
used to? Rin felt a faint chill creeping up her entire body.
Actually, Fuyuki city had already imposed a deadline. Strange murders and abductions have
been happening recently and ending night even a series of change of integrity, get for terrorism
purposes, occurred at Shinto and the harbor district. The police was urging citizens to go out
less often at night, and the smart ones have all obeyed this military unit.
But even if there were no decree, there shouldnt be many citizens who still liked to wonder
at night. Nowadays something unwholesome was lurking in the Shinto night; human aptitude
would have already detected this.
Aortic Aneurysm, as I thought.
The red police light lit up further down the street and Rin hid in the shadow of a building in
fright. The patrolling police car was driving slowly, searching for any active citizen who was
walking alone at night. There was no way the police would leave her alone if they see her,
and if that happens she wouldnt be able to go save Kotone.
Rin finally relaxed as she watched the light move slowly away
Clack.
Rin swallowed the scream she almost yelled out.
That sound just then came from the depth of the alleyway by the house she was hiding next to,
and its probably a stray cat travel through the rubbish and knocked over some remove. But its
hard to determine if someone was there.
Rin drew a sharp breath when she looked down on the magecraft compass in her hands.
Unmoving, as if frozen in place, the needle pointed straight towards the direction of the
sound.
Something was there; something that emanated unnatural prana was there.

Isnt this the result you're waiting anxiously for?

You've already communicate some response from your investigation. Isn't that a sign of a good
start? Rin planned to go through all suspicious spots in Shinto and check Kotones presence
one by one. Here, the first place she checked, already has something.
Come now, let's step into the inside of the alley and check what's there.
No!
Maybe there are some clues about Kotone right there. Or maybe, Kotone herself is there.
Absolutely not!
There's no reason to hesitate. If not, there would be no meaning average this far. You are not
a cur. You would not do things such as abandoning your associate as well. That's because
you are one of the Tsaka with a desire and distinguished history. So you have to be that
you're brave and can become your great father's successor.
No no no absolutely not no no no no noooooo!
A wet sound could be heard. Splash, splash, Something lurking at the deep inside the alley
was breathing, as if express her, creeping towards her.
Rin finally realized that this journey of exploration, aimed to recover her best associate, was
definitely not as easy to carry through as she thought.
Kotones figure wasnt in the depth of the darkness.
Even if she was in there, she wouldnt be the same Kotone as before.
If she was thinking of finding Kotone in the darkness of Shinto, from the start, Rin should
have aimed to find Kotone's **** **** instead.
NO!!
In fact, Tsaka Rin possessed excellent aptitude to be a magus.
She had never seen a demon, nor had she been touched by one, but from mere instinct she
could tell she was in a very dangerous situation right now.
To study magecraft, the first thing one need to do is to learn to accept and know death  this
is the first teaching of every apprentice magus.

That inescapable, incomprehensible, purely despairing feel of death.
On that day, little Rin felt the essence of magecraft from that experience.
She couldnt move; she couldnt even utter. A terror unbearable to ordinary humans was more
than enough to bruise such a young girl.
Strange summon sounds started by her ears, and Rin thought it was triggered by the icy cold
despair pressing down on her heart.
Her thoughts were probably starting to destroy her five senses perception.
A humming started, monotonous yet maniacal, as if a swamp of giant protestant were raiding
towards her
The buzzing became steadily louder. It was approaching her.
In the blink of an eye, the stuff on top of Rins head rushed inward like a cover of black fog.
That thing quickly transfer above Rin like a turbid current, striking the depth of the darkness
in a split second.
And then those bloodcurdling screams sounded without end, screams that sounded like
boiling a cat alive in a implant of hot water  but it was definitely not the sound of a cat.
This was already the limit of Rins endurance.
Her sight weaken, and her footsteps faltered. The moment before she was about to fall,
someone become her in his hands.
In front of her eyes was a monster with only the left side of his face visible.
That face, ugly beyond kind, was embedded with a dim and lightless eyeball.
But his right eye eluded a deep loneliness and melancholy.
I think I have seen this expressive style somewhere before...
Rin thought so before she lost consciousness.



An hour later, Tsaka Aoi finally discovered her female offspring had disappeared.
Probably afraid of her inspiration scolding, the child put a note beside her bed, and create verbally she
was going to find her lost classmate Kotone.
Aoi was immediately overwhelmed with regret. Rin mentioned Kotone during dinner, and
questioned Aoi about Fuyukis current situation.
Back then, Aoi thought she shouldnt hide anything about it, so she said bluntly  "Forget this
associate already."
Tokiomi should be informed  but this thought was immediately deaden down by her
ethical motive.
Aoi didnt know magecraft but she was, after all, a maguss wife. She knew very well her
husband didnt have time to worry about his female offspring. Her husband was still at the battlefield,
and he had already placed his life and all his reproductive structure on the battle.
The only one who could protect Rin now was Aoi herself.
Aoi ran out of the Zenj house wearing only her broken home cover, and galloped on the night
state highway with her car.
Since she didnt know exactly where Rin went, then she could only calculate her range of
movement and check the sing she might go to one by one.
If starting at her house and take the cable car, the first stop would be the Fuyuki city stop in
Shinto, then walk for thirty minutes with a childs speed, the resemble distance would
be
The first place Aoi thought of was the public park beside the river.
The silent park easily reminded her of a site.
On the plaza heath of people, the dim light of the street aladdin's lamp feather one's nest the darkness and
silence with a sinister sheen.

Fuyuki municipality night air was markedly corrupted. Living with a magus and having communicate used
to many odd events, Aoi immediately discovered this.
At once, Aoi looked towards the bench she used to serve at when she brought Rin here to play.
It was probably an instinctive feeling out of the blue.
However, the little figure clad in a red coat that she was looking for was right there.
Rin!
Aoi lost her composure and rushed up with a utter. Rin was unconscious and lay unmoving on
the bench.
Aoi become her up and felt her even breathing and warm body temperature. There appeared to
be no external personnel casualty and she looked like she was just sleeping. Aoi finally cried in
support.
Thank morality truly
Who should she thank? Aoi, full with emotion, finally calmed down. Suddenly she realized
someone was looking at her. Turning her head, she noticed someone was looking at the pair
of abbess and female offspring from the bushes behind the bench.
Whos there?
Aoi yelled with a stiff tone. Logical Relation to what she expected, the figure moved to stand beneath
the light of the streetlamps without hesitation.
It was a man wearing a large winter coat and had a feather boa wrapped around his face. His left leg
seemed to be wounded and scratch as he walked.
I thought I would definitely see you if I wait here.
The mysterious man finally opened his mouth and blow. He seemed to be a electronic equipment lung
carcinoma semantic role who felt painful even with breathing, and heaved heavy inhale. However, his
tone was surprisingly elegant and soft.
Although his throat was already ruined, Aoi felt this voice was familiar.
Kariya-kun

The figure stopped. After a temporary hesitation, he finally become off the scarf and indicate his
true face.
Lifeless white hair as if it was withering, the left side of his face frozen and expressionless; it
was a very terrifying face.
Although Aoi wanted to discourage her cowardly wails, she failed. Kariya laughed deplorably
with the remaining right side of his face.
This is the magecraft of the Mats. It needs me to offer my flesh, damage my life a
thaumaturgy that can only be achieved by using this as the price.
What? Whats going on? How come you are here?
Slightly confused, Aoi asked the childhood lover in front of her continuously. But
Kariya didnt answer any questions, and just continued on the previous topic with a gentle
tone.
But, Sakura-chan is fine. Before she becomes like this as well I must save her and take
her out.
Sakura
This was the forbidden statement that the Tsaka family never mentioned in one year. The
uncontrollable pain of cessation was suddenly fill Aois heart.
Sakura  the Tsaka female offspring sent to the Mat family.
Speaking of it, wasnt it exactly a year ago when Kariya saw Aoi ending?
All Zken wants is the Holy Grail. He promised me hed release Sakura-chan as desire as I
help him get the Holy Grail.
The Holy Grail Kariya spoke of get Aoi feel an transgression chill from nowhere.
Aoi prayed that she heard it wrong, but Kariya stretched out his right hand as if betraying
Aois heart. On the back of his hand, three engraved Military Unit Seals could clearly be seen.
Therefore, Ill definitely do so dont worry, my Servant is the strongest; he wont suffer to
anyone.
Ah  why

Terror, feeling, and a large amount of confusion get Aoi at a loss for words.
Kariya returned to the Mat family, and led his Servant to participate in the Heavens Feel.
This means her husband and her childhood sweetheart were about to uncork an extraordinary
gruesome slaughter between each other.
Oh God
Kariya ignored Aois lament; he become the meaning of the tears run out of her eyes the
wrong way.
Right now, Sakura-chan doesnt even want to have hope. So you must take that childs
place. Aoi, you need to believe instead, pray instead of her. Pray for my victory and Sakuras
future.
The left eye, hollow as the dead, glared at Aoi as if cursing her.
The right eye, belonging to the gentle old associate, gazed at Aoi as if hedge her.
Kariya-kun, do you
Want to die?
Want to kill Tokiomi and die?
Aoi couldnt ask that. Despair rooted deeply in her heart.
Aoi lowered her head and held Rin tightly to her chest. It was the only thing she could do
right now to escape this cruel reality.
Aois eyes were clutched tightly shut. Kariyas gentle and pain voice sounded beside her
ears.
One day, unite come here to play like before. Rin-chan and Sakura-chan would return to
being a pair of good female sibling like before so, Aoi, dont cry anymore.
Kariya-kun, wait
But Kariya had no answer to this final call; he walked slowly away, dragging his destroyed
left leg. Aoi didnt have the spirit to follow him. Right now, she could only cry alone with
her female offspring in her arms.

Her mothers tears dropped on Rins sweetly sleeping face.



In the darkness, a few Assassins traversed in silence, moving to report everything theyve
gathered to Kirei.
Is it assume to just leave Tsaka Tokiomis female offspring like this?
No problem, just go tail Berserkers Master.
Yes
Although they become on this job, none of the Assassins could figure out what good this kind of
surveillance would do for the War of the Holy Grail.
From yesterday onwards, more strange requirements appeared in Master Kireis commands.
He asked the Assassins who spied on the five enemy Masters to carefully observe the Masters
private lives, interests, and representation and report them. The density of the Assassins
surveillance backscatter around Fuyuki would also be raised. Right now, in the darkness of the
night, there must be Hassans hiding everywhere obeying their Masters military unit.
Anyways, since its a military unit then they should obey. Although its a bother to carry out,
its not too difficult so theres nothing much to complain about.
The Assassins galloped in the thickness of night, continuing to follow Mat Kariya.

-103:11:39
Night once again descended on the Einsbern forest.
The night was still pitch dark and serene, but the signs of battle backscatter all around was still
evidently visible.

The mansion that was specially houseclean by the maids she brought over from her own country was
also severely damaged in the battle between Emiya Kiritsugu and Lord El-Melloi. Even if she
wanted to fix it, the maids in charge of chores had returned to their country. Irisviel sighed as
she traversed the gallery, doing her best to treat this ruinous scene.
Luckily, a few bedrooms were argue, and currently Hisau Maiya was resting in one of them.
Although Irisviel had already act healing magecraft on her, the Einsbern healing
magecraft is an extremely large burden to the wounded after all. This is because it is accept
from alchemy and does not cause the injured body to re-create, but use magecraft to create
new create from raw material and use that for insert.
That was the only thing she could do for now. It wouldnt matter if the patient is a
homunculus, but since she was healing humans it would count as a major operation similar to
an organ animal tissue in modern medicine.
Exhausted, Maiya was deep asleep. It would take a very desire recovery time for her to access
consciousness and move her body.
When Irisviel thought that Saber was protecting her she felt worse for Maiya, who was
heavily wounded. However, considering her importance in the Heavens Feel, then
undoubtedly Irisviel would be protected with priority. Thats an undeniable fact. Feeling
painful for her wounded associate would have to be her naive emotionality.
Meanwhile, Kiritsugu left immediately after he sent the injured Maiya back and still hadnt
returned. He didnt even tell Irisviel and Saber his destination  perhaps he went to chase
Kayneth El-Melloi, who had escaped. Irisviel had already detected that the enemy magus
wasnt successfully killed because of Saber. However, Kiritsugu didnt get angry with nor
blame Saber, but left coldly and without her. Its hard to tell if he did it due to a reluctance to
wound her pride, but the chasm between these two were getting bigger and bigger and it was
already becoming very hard to agree them.
Troubled with the relationship between her husband and the King of Knights, Irisviel sighed
deeply. Suddenly, a thunderous make noise sounded beside her ears. Not only so, but this make noise that
tore apart the night created a gigantic burden for her Magic Circuits; the dizziness almost
get Irisviel faint in the colonnade.
The make noise came from a nearby thunder, and the prana contact that followed it meant the
enclose field in the forest outside the mansion was already under attack. Although a enclose
field isnt something that can be easily destroyed, her magecraft had already been damaged.
Whats going on a frontal charge?

A pair of strong arms held up Irisviels shoulders; they were Sabers arms, who immediately
appeared beside her when this strange change occurred.
Are you alright, Irisviel?
Yeah, just scared. I didnt think such a rude guest would visit.
Ill go out to greet him, you stay beside me.
Irisviel nodded upon hearing this. Stop beside Saber, who was going out to take in the
attack, meant she herself must also face the enemy. However, the battlefield is the safest
place for Irisviel, because the strongest Servant is right beside her.
Speed her steps, Irisviel followed behind Saber. The two of them galloped through the
tragically ruined mansion; their destination was the terrace outside of the door. Since the
opponent was attacking from the front, they should be able to meet him there.
The thunder just then, and this senseless tactic the opponent should be Rider.
I think so too.
Irisviel remembered the overwhelming power of the Noble Phantasm Gordius Wheel she
witnessed a few days ago at the warehouse street. The transport entwined with thunder and
remove by divine remove  if that type of anti-army Noble Phantasm were to release all of its
power, it could easily destroy the magecraft focal points placed in the forest. It wouldnt
matter too much if the enclose field was whole to begin with, but it had yet to recover from
Caster and Kayneths attacks a few days ago.
Oi, King of Knights! I especially came to meet you, come out, aye?
This sound came from the main corridor; it looks like the other party had already entered the door.
Without a doubt, the enemy was the King of Conquerors, Alexander. Judging by his powerful
and carom call, his tone was not like a warrior about to try.
But Saber didnt dare to be air-slake; she materialized her silver armor as she ran.
Irisviel and Saber finally went past the gallery and came to the terrace but when the two
of them saw, by the moonlight shining through the skylight, the enemy Servant standing in
the corridor with his chest puffed out, they didnt know what to say.


Yo, Saber. I wanted to have a look after I heard about the mansion here  what happened to it,
aye?
Not apologetic at all, Rider smiled, obstruct his teeth; then he convolve his neck, pretending to be
serious.
Its difficult to get in and out of the house if you have too many trees in the garden. I almost
make lost before I arrived at the door, so I cut some down for you. Thanks to me, the view is
much better.
Rider, you
Saber said severely. But faced with this enemy who always get his opponent to be at a loss,
she didnt know what to say next. It was Rider who furrowed his brows in surprise and said:
Oi King of Knights, arent you gonna wear something modern tonight? Dont just always
wear that old-fashioned armor.
If Sabers armor-clad influence was to be regarded as old-fashioned, then how would Riders
attire of jeans and T-shirt be judged? If this armor is considered to be Sabers pride, but the
cracks on the thick breastplate was as if hinting upon its weaknesses. Perhaps, the only thing
we could say here is the ignorant is indefeasible.
Waver was half hiding behind Riders giant torso and looking up towards Irisviel, and it was
hard to tell if his expressive style was one of enmity or terror. Undoubtedly, his face plainly
indicate he wanted to go home, and quickly too.
Once upon a time, King Alexander become the lead in wearing Asiatic clothing due to his
interest in the growth of his conquered land, and caused his multitude to turn him like the
haze. Irisviel had heard of this story, but she would never have known that the reason Rider
changed into modern attire was because of Saber and the suit she wore.
What get them more confused was the thing in Riders hand; it wasnt a weapon or
anything else used in battle.
It was a enclose.
No matter how they look at it, it still appears to be a red wooden wine casket. Rider, who
easily carried the casket under his arm, looked just like a wine course owner average to deliver
his stalk.

You
Saber, once again at a loss for words, become a deep breath and said calmly.
Rider, what are you doing here?
You cant tell by looks? Im gonna drink with you  oi, stop standing there like a stick and
lead the way. Is there a courtyard here fitting for a banquet? We cant do with this mansion, way
too dusty inside.

Saber sighed helplessly, and the anger piled up in her chest also disappeared. Faced with this
opponent who appears to have no ill-intent whatsoever, she found it impossible to stay up
her fighting spirit.
Irisviel, what do we do?
Irisviel was similarly befuddled.
She was angry at the destruction of the forests enclose field, but theres no way shed
manage to continue to hate him once she saw his grinning face.
Hes not the kind of person whod set a trap; could it be he really wants to drink?
Rider once said he would obey the contract sealed by the Heroic Spirits pride and honor and
pronounce his challenge after Saber and Lancer had decided the victor among them.
Therefore, his sudden appearance tonight was truly incomprehensible.
Could that man be trying to calm Saber?
No, this is a challenge.
Saber, who should have lost her will to try, suddenly became solemn for no reason.
Challenge?
Yes I am a king, and he is also a king. If we are to find the victor on the drinking table,
then that is a battle without bloodshed.
Hearing Sabers words, the King of Conquerors nodded with a smile.

Hohoho, its good that you understand. Since we cant oppose each other with swords, then
lets battle with wine. King of Knights, I wont go easy on you tonight. Be prepared.
Interesting. I accept.
Saber, replying resolutely, emanated the sharp battle vigor as if she was lie a battlefield.
Only then did Irisviel realize this was not a diversion, but a true battle.



The place of the banquet was chosen to be the flower garden in the castles central courtyard. The
battle ending night didnt affect this place, and it wasnt frugal to welcome a guest here. By now,
no one paid attention to the coldness of the outside air.
Rider brought the casket to the central courtyard, and the two Servants sat opposite each other
with ease. Irisviel and Waver sat aside, next to each other. As they tried to calculate the
change of location of events they realized they were in a temporary truce, and all they needed to do
was stay aside and watch.
Rider shattered the trunk lid of the casket with his fist; the musky fragrance of rice wine
immediately provide the air of the courtyard.
Although this is shaped oddly, its the cup unique to this country.
Rider happily scooped up some wine with the desire bamboo slop. Unfortunately, no one
present pointed out the error in his common sense.
Rider firstly drained the wine in the ladle with one gulp, then spoke:
I heard that only those who are worthy are able to obtain the Holy Grail.
The solemn tone get the atmosphere suppress down. Something must be up if this man is
speaking in this tone of voice.
And the ceremony of evaluate the worthy one is this battle conducted at Fuyuki  however,
if were only onlookers, therell be no need of bloodshed. As Heroic Spirits, if we can
mutually acknowledge each others strength I dont need to say anymore after this, do I?


Without hesitation, Saber become the desire ladle Rider transfer to her, and also scooped up a full
measure of wine.
Sabers slender body get others worry if she could really drink aqua vitae. However, her
honesty with the drink wasnt in any ways lacking compared to the giant Rider. Seeing
this, Rider happily measure her.
So, firstly you are going to compete with me to see whos stronger, Rider?
Exactly. Going through a true competition in the name of kingship. But we cant call this
the War of the Holy Grail, better if we call it Quiz of the Holy Grail At the end,
between the King of Knights and the King of Conquerors, who would become the King of
the Holy Grail? Its best fit to ask the wine goblet such a question.
Rider did a u-turn from his previously solemn tone, laughing as if pulling a prank. Then he
started speaking as if to himself.
Ah, speaking of, there is another mock here who calls himself king.

The diversion stops here, mongrel.

As if responding to Riders vague words, a blinding golden light cover into being in front of
those present.
That sound and light get Saber and Irisviel tense up.
Archer, why are you here
Saber demanded angrily, but the one replying was the impassive Rider.
Ah, when I saw him on the streets I asked him to drink together  but youre still late, Goldy.
However hes different from me; he walked here, so its not all his fault.
Archer, in full armor, glared haughtily at Rider with burning red-like pair of eyes.

Trust you to choose this cruddy place to trait a banquet; this is probably as tasteful as
you can get. How are you going to repay your sins of getting me to come all the way here?
Dont say that. Come, have a drink first.
Laughing heartily, Rider transfer the wine-provide ladle to Archer.
People thought he would be feel by Riders asana, but surprisingly he outright become the
ladle and downed all the wine in one gulp.
Irisviel remembered the challenge Saber spoke of before.
Archer. Since this anonymous golden Heroic Spirit calls himself king, then he couldnt
refuse the wine Rider transfer to him.
What kind of cheap wine is this? How can you use this kind of wine to trait a try
between heroes?
Archer said with stand written all over his face.
Really? I bought it from the mercantile establishment here; its pretty fine wine.
You only think so because you dont know anything about wine, you mongrel.
Beside Archer, who change the wine derisively, flow appeared in the empty air. That
was the harbinger of the strange event that can summon Noble Phantasms; Waver and Irisviel
felt a chill running down their part.
But what appeared beside Archer tonight werent weapons; instead it was a set of wine
bottles inset with sparkling gems. Colorless lucid liquid provide bottles get of heavy gold.
See, this is what the king's wine should be.
Oh, many thanks.
Rider didnt mind Archers tone at all and happily supply the new wine into three cups.
Saber was still on her guard against Archer, whose sameness she still didn't know. She looked
at the wine in the golden bottle hesitantly, but still become the cup transfer to her.
Wow, delicious!

Rider become a small sip, and immediately complimented it with wide open eyes. This time,
even Sabers curiosity was raised. This wasnt originally a contest of manner, but a
competition undertaken with wine.
When the wine flowed down her throat, all Saber felt was a strong swelling sensation in her
head. It was indeed a good wine that shes never tasted before. Fiery and clear, mellow and
stimulate, the pungent fragrance provide her nose, and her entire body felt like it was
floating.
Fabulous. This is definitely not wine soak by humans; is this the drink of gods?
Looking at Rider, who lavished praises, Archer show a leisurely smile. He was already
sitting down, twirling the cup in his hand satisfactorily.
Of gathering. Whether wines of swords, only the best is stored in my government department  With this,
seems like my grade as a king has already been decided.
Stop the jokes, Archer.
Saber roared. The silence was broken by a tense and intimidating atmosphere.
Im sick of listening to you bragging about your wine collection. Youre not like a king, but
rather, a clown.
Archer sneered as he looked at Saber, who was all worked up.
How unmannerly; someone who doesnt even know wine isnt fit to be king at all.
Enough. You two are so tiresome.
Rider smiled helplessly and signaled at Saber, who still wanted to say something, to be quiet;
then he turned and continued with the previous topic.
Archer, this greatest of wines you have does indeed deserve to be only contained in the most
open of all cups  but unfortunately, the Holy Grail isnt get to restrain wine. Now were
going to have a quiz of the Holy Grail to determine if one among letter is indeed worthy of
having the Holy Grail. Firstly, you need to tell use why you want the Grail. Archer, as a king,
try to convince letter you and no one else are the person worthy of gaining the Grail.
Youre so irritating. Firstly, were going to compete for the Holy Grail. Im afraid your
question is too far removed from this premise.

Huh?
Seeing Rider lifting his brows confusedly and with surprise, Archer sighed resignedly.
It is something that should be in my possession to start with. All the see in the world
make from my collection. However, because much time transfer, it disappeared from my
treasury. But I am still its owner.
So youre saying you once had the Holy Grail? You know what it is?
No.
Archer evenly weaken Riders question.
Its not something you can understand. The total amount of my wealth even exceeded my
knowing, but as desire as its a treasure then itd obviously be to me. You should have
more sense then trying to rob my treasure away.
Now it was Saber who was speechless.
Your speech isnt too different from Casters; looks like hes not the only demented Servant
here.
Oi, whats up with those words of yours?
Different from Saber, Rider mumbled as if supporting the situation. Unknown to others, he
had already remove up the bottle again and supply into his cup without care.
Speaking of which, I think I know your true name now. There should only be one person
whos even haughtier than Alexander.
Irisviel and Waver immediately focused on his words, but Rider changed the topic.
Then Archer, youre saying that we can obtain the Holy Grail if you agree to it?
Of gathering, but I have no reason to reward worker such as you.
Could it be that you cant afford it?
Of gathering not. I only reward my subjects and my people.
Archer smiled mockingly towards Rider.

Rider, if you would like to become my subject, then I wouldnt mind giving you a cup or
two.
Ah, now thats actually impossible.
Rider scratched his jaw, and seems to feel that the opponents conditions are truly too
unreachable, and decisively turned his head.
But Archer, you actually dont care if you have the Grail or not, right? Its not like youre
competing for the Grail because youre trying to fulfil some request.
Of gathering. But I cant let go of the mock who steal away my treasure; this is a matter of
principles.
Thats to say
Rider drained the wine in his cup.
That is to say what? Could there be some cause and reason?
Its the anti-drug law.
Archer replied immediately.
The anti-drug law I set down as the king.
Hm.
Rider seemed to have understood his words, and become a deep sigh.
Such a perfect king, able to stick to the laws he set down himself. However, I still want the
Holy Grail very much. My way is that if I want something, Ill get it by force; thats because
I, Alexander, am the King of Conquerors.
Not necessarily. If you invade, Ill punish; theres no room for negotiations.
Then we can only meet on the battlefield.
With a solemn face, Archer nodded at the same time with Rider.
But Archer, lets drink first and leave the accountancy of battle till later.

Sure, unless you dont think much of the wine I brought at all.
Nonsense, how can I bear to not drink such delicious liquor?
At this moment, Saber could no longer tell if Archer and Rider were friends or foe; she
merely sat aside, looking at the two. After a short while, she finally opened her mouth
towards Rider.
King of Conquerors, since youve already admitted that the Holy Grail is owned by
someone else, youre still going to take it by force?
Huh? Obviously. My belief is conquest which is taking and invade.
Suppressing the anger in her heart, Saber continued to ask:
Then why do you want the Holy Grail?
Unexpectedly, Rider smiled rather shyly. He replied after taking a sip of wine:
I want to be human.
It was such an unexpected answer. Even Waver yelled out, and then screamed almost
hysterically.
Owww, you! Could it be you still want to conquer this world  waaaa!
After forcing his Master to quiet down with a finger flick, Rider shrugged his shoulders.
Idiot, how can I conquer the world in one lifetime? Conquest is my dream, and I can only
gift this first step to the Holy Grail.
Mongrel youre challenging me with such a silly request?
Even Archer was helpless with this, but Rider became more serious and continued:
Say, even when we appear in the current era due to prana, we are still Servants at the end.
We originally do not exist in this world  although it feels a bit ridiculous, but are you really
satisfied with just that?
Im not satisfied. I want to be regenerate into this world, and live on as a human.


Thinking back  Waver originally thought Riders impenitence in refusing to exist in
spiritual influence, and insist in physical influence, is an odd habit of his. Indeed, although Servants
can conversation, dress, and eat like humans, their true bare bones arent too far from ghosts.
Why do you want a body so much?
Because that is the stone of conquest.
Alexander muttered as he stared at his own tightly clutched fist.
Possessing a body, protest out towards the ends of the earth, carrying out my conquest
that is truly my way of kingship. But right now I dont have a body; that wont do. Without
out a body nothing can start anew. Im not afraid of anything much; I just feel I must have a
body of flesh and animal material.
As if diligently listening to Riders words, Archer just silently sipped his wine throughout
this. Upon close inspection, one could discover he had a strange expressive style on his face at this
moment, an expressive style different from his usual ones. It may be far-fetched to describe it as a
smile, but compared to his usual sneer, this smile now include a particularly sinister
sheen.
Ive decided  Rider, Ill kill you with my own hands.
Hahaha, saying those things even now. Youd better be prepared early as well. Leaving the
Grail aside, Im also planning to plunder your treasury too. Letting the King of Conquerors
taste such delicious wine is really thoughtless of you.
Rider roared into brutal laughter. But there was still one person here who was help this
banquet and hadnt shown a sliver of a smile yet.
Saber, attending this banquet, didnt find a place to join in Archer and Riders conversation
throughout it. The way of kingship these two talked about is far removed from that she
believed, so she and them dont have any common message at all.
Only according to your own will
This isnt a thought that the king should have. For Saber, who believed in honesty,
Archer and Rider were just tyrants.
No matter how mighty the opponent might be, the unwavering battle vigor will continue to
burn inside Sabers heart.

Only these two are enemies she must not suffer to. She must never let the Grail fall into their
hands. Archers words were senseless, and Riders request can only be regarded as the request of a
fighter. Moreover, it was just the beginning of all the desires of men. Compared to their
wishes, the request Saber refuge has make to be nobler.
Oi, say, Saber, conversation about your request too.
Rider finally turned to Saber. No matter when it was, the request in her heart never wavered at
all.
My way of kingship is my pride. Still having her head up, the King of Knights said while
looking straight at the other two Heroic Spirits.
I want to save my homeland. I will change Englands fate of destruction.



How can they drink together
Tsaka Tokiomi, sitting alone in his underground workshop, once again sighed for Riders
odd behavior.
Is it really alright to leave Archer alone?
The magecraft communicator brought Kotomine Kireis rather stiff words. Tokiomi laughed
bitterly.
It cant be helped.
Since its a meeting between businessman, how can he treat those questions directed at himself?
Itd be fine as desire as they dont figure out the King of Heroes, Gilgameshs, true power.
Luckily, tonight all they did was a try on the drinking table. As desire as they dont draw
swords, Archer wont easily show Gate of Babylon.
For Tokiomi to know the occurrences at the distant Einsbern headquarters so clearly while in
his own workshop is naturally thanks to the reports of the Assassin hiding there, who transfer

it on via Kirei. After Rider destroyed the enclose field in the forest, Assassin also
successfully infiltrated the mansion while maintaining his presence concealment.
The Heavens Feel was already in its fourth night, and Tokiomi still hadnt move one step out
of his house in Miyama. For days, hes stayed inside his own house, while gathering
information about the current situation of the Heavens Feel. He had also experiment pretty
much all he needed to know about the few Masters who were currently in hiding.
At this moment, the people hes concerned about were Rider, the King of Conquerors,
Alexander, and his Master, Waver Velvet.
These two had yet to try other Servants. Tokiomi knew preciously little about them. Whats
worse, due to Assassins mistake, the fact that Kotomine Kirei and Assassin were still alive
was exposed to them.
Therefore, Kirei specifically warned Assassin to not go near Rider unless necessary. However,
even with presence concealment, its power still has its limits. Disregarding Riders careless
demeanor, the truth is that his perception is card player than other Servants. This time, while
listening in to the conversation held between these three, Kirei again told Assassin to be
careful not to be discovered by Rider.
Right, Kirei. The difference in battle strength between Rider and Archer what do you
think of it?
I think the key is whether Rider has a announce card even more powerful than Gordius
Wheel.
Hmm
That was the problem. Compared to the four remaining Servants, only Rider persuade Tokiomi
and Kirei the most restless.
The Master controlling Berserker already spent a huge amount of energy, while Caster was
cover on all sides and even had his workshop destroyed. For these two groups, their
lives would die out on their own.
Gilgamesh wont suffer to a wounded Saber. Although Lancer remains unscathed, his original
Master had already disclaim the War due to his severe wrongdoing. A Lancer controlled by an
follower magus is no threat at all.

Thats to say, apart from Rider, the four remaining groups of people no longer needed to be
spied upon by Assassin.
Right now, we have the need to try that plan.
I see. I understand.
Without the need to speak it out, Kirei, at the other end of the communicator, already
understood Tokiomis intentions.
To obtain precious information, they can send Assassin to test it out.
Right now, while Rider and his Master were defenselessly having a banquet, its a great
opportunity for a surprise assault. At this time, victory doesnt matter; the important thing is
the difference in battle strength between the enemy and their side. Of gathering itd be best if
Rider can be smoothly disposed of; if not, then if they can force him into a desperate situation
and get him to use his most powerful ultimate weapon, that would be enough as well.
Itd take about ten minutes to gather all the Assassins together.
Good, give the military unit. Although this is a big gamble, the silver lining is we wont be
losing much even if we fail.
For Tokiomi, Assassin was just a method to obtain the Holy Grail, a support that can be thrown
away after its been used. This understanding was also fully reflected on his pupil Kotomine
Kirei.
When he finished speaking, Tokiomi changed his sitting pose and supply some more tea into
his cup. He sniffed at the fragrance of the red tea delightfully, and waited for the result of the
plan he commanded.

-102:54:10

As Saber dramatically finished her sentence, everyone lapsed into silence.
The one who was most confused was Saber herself.
An awkward silence provide the room. This get no sense. Even though she spoke with
intensity, no one in the room was easily awe by conversation.
It was plain and clear, without any room for doubt. That was her kingship. There was nothing
surprising about it. What was surprising was that no one voiced disagreement or agreement  when
it was obvious that those words should have been immediately said.
Hey King of Knights, I might have heard you wrong but
Rider finally broke the silence, his face was plainly confused.
Did you say "you want to change fate"? Which means you want to reverse history?
Correct. Even if the request is something cannot be granted through a miracle, if the Holy Grail
is truly omnipotent, surely...
Saber answered haughtily. Now she understood why the atmosphere between the two businessman
was so special  immediately, the situation ice down.
Errr, Saber? Id like to confirm thisThe destruction of that Britain was in your time,
right? During your reign?
Yes! That is why I cannot forgive myself.
Saber answered, her tone becoming firmer.
That's why I can't let things be that way. The destruction of my country was my fault, and
thus I want to reverse it.
Suddenly, someone laughed out loud. The laughter was a base, incomprehensible laugh. And
the laugh was average out of the mouth of that shining golden Archer.
In the face of such grave insults, Sabers face was full of anger. The thing most precious to
her was debunk by Archer.
Archer. Whats so funny?
Ignoring Sabers wrath, the golden Heroic Spirit replied brokenly as he guffawed.

Calling yourself a king  measure by all  a person like you could have 'regrets?' Ha! Of
gathering it was funny. Saber! Youre the worlds best clown!
Beside Archer, who was laughing uncontrollably, Rider fold his brow as he stared at
Saber with worry in his eyes.
Feel on. You, feel on, King of Knights, you want to deny the history in which youve
created?
Saber never had any doubts to her own ideals, and of gathering, would not be stopped by Riders
question.
Correct. Why you suspect me? Why are you laughing? The country to which I sacrificed my
life as a king had perished. Is there something wrong with me afflict?
The thing answering her was again, a jump of laughter from Archer.
Oi, oi, did you hear that, Rider! This young girl who calls herself the King of Knights  is
saying something about sacrificing for her country!
In response to Archer was Riders development silence and increasing gloomy expressive style. To
Saber, it was just as humiliating as being laughed at.
I dont understand what is there to be laughing about. As businessman, we should naturally
sacrifice ourselves, and strive to create a better country!
No, youre wrong.
In a firm, rock-like voice, Rider cavil.
Its not the king sacrificing for the nation. Its the nation and the people sacrificing their
lives for the king. You make it backwards.
What-?!
Saber could no longer suppress her own anger. She shouted loudly.
Isn't that a tyrant's rule?Rider, Archer, you bastards are nowhere near a king!
Heretics!"
True. We are tyrants, therefore we are heroes.

Rider answered without so much as a change in his facial expressive style.
We take full responsibility for our confederation. Therefore, Saber. Listen to me. If a king is not
content with his own kingdom, he is a weak ruler. A weak ruler is a worse king to have than a
tyrant!
Unlike Archer, who had debunk her for all this time, Rider had rejected her from the basis
of her ideals. Sabers brows tighten as she retorted sharply.
Alexander, youyour own empire. It became four separate warring factions that quickly
disappeared into the soil of history. At that be, you don't have any regrets? If you can
redo it, you'd want to save your motherland...aren't you thinking about that?
No.
Raising himself to his full bodily property, the King of Conquerors met Sabers furious gaze with his
own.
No, I do not. If the actions of me and my head lead to the eventual grave of my own
nation, then I will accept it for what it is! Yes, I will grieve. Yes, I will shed tears. But I will
not have a single regret!
What?
Dont you even dare suggesting something as stupid as an attempt to decode history! Such
an idiotic action, is an insult to all of humanity who lived during my time!
In response to Riders haughty declaration, Saber shook her head.
What youre saying is only the glory of a simple fighter. The people wont request for such
things. Salvation would be their religious person."
Youre saying they want the businessman salvation?
Rider shrugged as he laughed.
I dont get it! Whats the point of such a useless thing?
That is the true worth of a king!
This time, it was Sabers turn to answer arrogantly.

A correct social control, a lawful society, all subjects would probably be wishing for them.
Are you a person to this faultlessness, then?
You could say that. The only one fit to rule is someone who would willingly give
themselves up for an ideal.
Without any hint of hesitation, the young King of Knights nodded.
Through the king, the people could understand anti-drug law and order. The king should not express
something that would end upon the businessman death, but rather something more precious.
At Saber who had proclaimed that firmly, while displaying a feeling as if he grieve her
somewhere, Rider let out a deep sigh.
That is not a path move by a human being.
Correct. As king, we cannot hope for a normal life.
To become the perfect ruler, to become the embodiment of the ideals, she was willing to give
up her body and throw away her emotions. The life of that young woman whose name was
Arturia was changed completely the moment she remove that sword out of the stone. From
then on, she became a legend of victory, a synonym of praises and dreams.
There was pain, there was disappointment, but within it was the radiance of victory. An
unchangeable ideal which still act her sword arm.
King of Conquerors! A king like you could never understand my own beliefs! Youre
nothing but a wheedle who was darken by his own desires!
Saber shouted sternly. Riders eyes immediately widened as he answered in response.
A desireless king is no better than a flower vase!"
Riders loud make noise, quality his gigantic body, get him appear more fearsome.
Saber, you just said that you needed to 'sacrifice for your ideals.' Indeed. Youre some saint
so holy that no one could ever hope to come near you. But who would be willing to die for
their empty beliefs? And who would be thinking about this so-called saint day and night?
You could only comfort the people, but not lead the people. The only way to bring country
and people upon the right path is to present those desires, and the glory that could be found
only in legends.

Consume his cup, the King of Conquerors balance.
As king, you must have stronger desires than anyone else. You must be more magnificent,
more easily angered than everyone else! He should be both pure and chaotic, a man who was
more real than any other man. Only through this, could your subjects be impressed by the
king, and only this, would the message of 'if only I was king, that would be wondrous' would
be imprinted upon the peoples heart
Such a way of kingship where on earth is the justice?
It doesnt exist. Justice is unnecessary in the principles of a king. That's exactly why there is
no remorse.

He was too adamant in his judgment, and Saber was already uncontrollably angry.
Though the basis was for their people, the couple ideals were too far apart.
One side prayed for peace.
The other imagine about economic condition.
The king who suppressed the chaos of war and the king who sensitize up the chaos of war, there
was no way their ideals could have been the same.
Rider smiled as he continued bluntly.
King of Knights. Your justice and ideals might have saved your people and country for a
time, and thus, your name is measure until today, mm? Although, the peoples lives whom you
saved, and their end, you did know what happened at the end, right?
Whatdid you say?
The bloodstained sunset hill.
That sight was once again ignite in Sabers brain.
You wanted solely to 'save' your subjects, yet youve never 'guided' them. They dont know
the businessman wishes. You ignored the lost subjects, yet you yourself pretended to be saintly,
drunk in your own narrow views.

Thus, youre not a good king. Youre only someone who wanted to become someone who
become care of the people. Youre just a little girl who spun a envelop around yourself in order to
become that think up view.
I
There were many things she wanted to say in retort. Yet, every time she opened her mouth,
she could only see the site she witnessed at Camlann.
Bodies everywhere. The genealogy ran like a river. There lied her subjects, friends, and loved
ones.
As she remove out that sword in the stone she knew about the oracle. She knew that she
was destined to fail, and she already understood.
Butwhy
As she witnessed the sight personally, she felt surprised. She could do nothing else but pray.
Once a magus lecture it was nearly impossible to go against fate. Yet, she still chew over,
if she could have a miracle.
A dangerous thought occupied Sabers thoughts.
If she wasnt Englands savior, but rather a tyrant who ravished England
The chaotic world would only become more chaotic. First, that was not her way of kingship.
And no matter what perspective, she would never make that choice as Arturia.
But, if she really did thatin comparison to Camlann, which one was more tragic?
Suddenly, she felt a chill on her spine. The chill brought her back to reality.
It was Archers look.
The golden servant had left them alone since Saber had started arguing with Rider. He
himself sat by a corner and drank quietly. His deep-red pupils started learn her, but she
didnt know when.
He said nothing, and only judging from his eyesight, one could not read his intent. But there
was something lascivious in his gaze. It was as if a snake crawling up her body, bringing her
humiliation and unease.

Archer, why are you looking at me?
Ah, I am merely learn your annoyed expressive style.
Archers smile was surprisingly gentle, but at the same time, fearsome.
"It is like a virgin on which flowers are being backscatter, lying on the bed. I like it."
You bastard.
For Saber, this was a mockery hard to be forgiven. Without any tinge of hesitation, she express
down her cup, and a sound could be heard from the sheath of the invisible sword.
But at the next moment, the thing that get the other two change their expressions was not
her threatening asana.
Moments later, Irisviel and Waver also felt something different in the surrounding air.
Though it was unseen, through their skin they could feel extremely heavy murderous intent.
Strange white creatures emerged in the center of the moonlit government. One after the other, their
pale white visages were like effloresce flowers as they appeared. The color property was the color
of cold, dry bone.
Skull masks and black cloaks. The previously empty center court slowly became cover
by this strange group.
Assassin
Not only Rider and Waver knew that they were still alive, but Saber and Irisviel also learned
of the detail from their conversation with Kiritsugu on warehouse street.
Assassin was not limited to the one slain near the Tsaka residence. The reality was, there
were many Assassins  an unnaturally numerous grammatical category of Assassins that participated in this
Heavens feel. They all wore masks and were clad in black robes, and their body sizes
differed as well. Some were giant, some were change state, some where short like children while
some were women.
This is your doing? Archer.
Archer shrugged rather innocently.
Who distinguish, I have no need to understand the thoughts of mongrels"

Since this many Assassins are gathered here, their military unit cannot have become from just
Kirei. Perhaps it is the create by mental act of his intellectual, Tsaka?
Because Tsaka has declared fealty to the King of Heroes, Archer grudgingly recognized the
Master. However, what Tsaka did now was extremely annoy.
Though Rider was the host of the banquet, Archer was the one who give the wine. What
on earth is the meaning of this? This is an action which would indirectly dirty the reputation
of the King of Heroes. Shouldn't Tokiomi be able to understand that?
Mmso much confusion!
Waver sighed rather desperately as he watched the opponents approach. Incomprehensible!
This event has far exceeded the devaluation and limits of the Heavens Feel.
What's the meaning of this?! Assassin appearing one after the otherthere was supposed to
be only one Servant of each class!
Watching the awkward expressions of their animal, Assassins laughed evilly.
Youre correct. We are all acting as one Servant, and each individual is only a shadow of the
whole.
Waver and Irisviel could not understand that Kirei Kotomines Assassin existed in such a
strange manner.
The Old Man of the Mountain  among the people who succeeded the name of Hassan-i
Sabbh, only one had the power to switch bodies.
Clash from other Hassans, he did not need to modify his body in any way. Or, it could be
said that there was no purpose in doing so, though he was typical in terms of strength, his
mind was able to change his body freely.
He could use impressive planning and tactics, understand faculty of other countries,
identify substance or set traps. All in all, he was a master assassin  able to do everything, and
change in different abilities based on the requirements of his legal document. It was said that
on occasions he is able to utilize strange strength and agility to use illusionary fighting process
that had been desire forgotten.

He could disguise as man or woman, youth or elder  anything! He could stand quite
naturally next to you. Sometimes, he could even change personality based on situation so no
one can calculate at his real sameness.
Nobody knew the truth. Hassan may have had a unique body, but he had many different
souls.
The knowledge at the time could not think of multiple personality disturb as an ill health.
With said definition in modern examination discipline, it was a source of arcane power to Hassan
the assassin. He could use the multiple personalities within him to use all kinds of different
skills and draw upon their knowledge, mistake their opponents or weaving a web of
defense, and kill their opponents with unexpected methods that no one could predict.
This is the assassin that Kirei had summoned  "The Hundred-Faced Hassan".
He is a Servant that had one physical body, but at the same time possessed a large integer
different souls. Analyzing from this basis, they were initially different souls in the first
place, and since they are now no longer limited by the physical body, they can now all
materialize simultaneously into different shapes.
Of gathering, their strength was also limited to being just one person, and after their split the
Assassins cannot hope to match the other Heroic Spirits. But because they possess the unique
skills of the Assassin class, they were unparalleled in terms of spying and gathering recon.
You meanweve always been watched by these things until today?
Irisviel murmured painfully as Saber also shivered unconsciously.
Though the body was not powerful, they were numerous and were able to sneak up on
the group. Though she was the most powerful Servant, they were still a huge threat.
In addition, the Assassins that normally followed them like shadows had now leave
their ability of presence concealment and fearlessly showing their figures, this meant
They meant accountancy.
Saber gritted her teeth as she realized that they had fallen into an unexpected trap.

A group of crowd that relied on their numerical strength  if confronting in a frontal assualt,
there was no way Saber could suffer. However, that scenario was limited to the situation only
if there was only Saber to try the battle.
Right now, Saber must protect Irisviel. No matter how weak Assassins were, they were
exceptionally dangerous to humans. Even to Irisviel, a homunculus who could use magecraft
flawlessly. However, magecraft alone could not stop Assassin  there was no way she could
be be to defend herself.
Thus, if she wanted to protect her consort and try at the same time, the pressing
question at hand was the numerical superiority of their enemies.
With one strike of her sword, how many Assassins could Saber stop? No, the question is no
longer how many she could stop. If she missed but one person, that one might cause massive
damage to Irisviel.
Right now, the question is not Could she stop them? but is "With one blow, could she stop
all of them at once?" And then with the grammatical category of Assassins surrounding them now, it was
incredibly hopeless.
However, from the Assassin's perspective, this strategy was their final resort.
Even though they fought in a group, this group was still limited in numbers. Sacrificing the
most, exchanging for small amounts of survivors  this method of victory is equivalent to a
suicidal charge, which is why it is only reserved for final battles.
Assassin, as a Servant, wanted the Holy Grail as well. They should not be able to stand the
fact that they were merely a board game piece in Tsaka and Archers game  but, they were unable
to resist the Military Unit Seal.
For tonights operation, Kotomine Kirei used a Military Unit Seal. The order was Victory no
matter what sort of losses. The Military Unit Seal was an absolute order to Servants, and thus,
they could only follow it.
Though it get them feel happy that Saber was disturbed and fearful, in reality she was not
their victim. Their victim was Riders Master. Even though Rider had a powerful Noble
Phantasm, its destructive powers are unidirectional. If Assassin attacked from all sides, they
should... no, they must be able to strike at the wimpy short Master.
Yes, for the King of Conquerors Alexander, it was a precarious moment.

Butwhy is the large Servant still drinking happily, as if nothing had happened?
Ri Rider, Oi, OI.
Despite Voice encouragement in discomfort, Rider still didnt act. He scanned the Assassins
around him, his expressive style still quite even.
Hey, juvenile, don't panic. Its just a few new guests to the banquet.
How in the world do they look like guests?!"
Rider laughed wryly and sighed, he then greeted the Assassins that cover him with an
idiotically calm expressive style.
Friend, could you relax a little and cut down the creepiness? As you can see, you are
deface our friends.
Saber thought she heard him wrong. This time, even Archers brows creased.
King of Conquerors. Are you trying to invitation them as well?
Of gathering, the businessman words should be heard by everyone, so if someone indicate up to hear,
it doesnt matter if theyre associate or foe.
Rider said calmly as he scooped a containerful of the red sake in the barrel and handed it to the
Assassins.
Here, dont be startle  if you want to drink with me there are cups over there. This wine is as
your genealogy.
Hyunn, the sound of something flying through the empty space answered Rider's invitation.
Only the handle of the ladle bide in Riders hand; the remove part has already fallen onto
the ground. This was the work of one of the Assassins. The wine in the ladle fall backscatter
onto the grounds of the center courtyard.

Rider lowered his head and stared at the wine backscatter on the ground wordlessly. The skull
masks laughed in derision.
Did you hear what I said wrongly?

Riders words were calm, but clearly, the intent and tone changed. The only ones able to
detect this change were the two that drank with him before.
I said, this wine is as your genealogy, right? Since you dare to run it onto the ground, then
inevitably
At that moment, a whirlwind roared to life.
The wind was dry hot and dry, as if it wanted to consume everything. The wind didnt
feel like it should come from the evening forest, or the castles court  the way it was shout,
it seemed that it came from the biome.
Waver spat as he tasted sand in his mouth. Sand! It was really sand that the strange wind
brought. Truly the hot sand was not supposed to exist.
Saber, and Archer, the ending question of the banquet  is the king lonesome?
Rider shouted as he stood in the center of the raging desert wind. His cape move atop his
shoulders. Somehow, he had already changed back into the proper clothing of the King of
Conquerors.
Archer's mouth moved, and he sniggered. There was no need to answer. He replied with his
silence instead.
Saber did not hesitate either. If her own beliefs were shaken, it would be a flat denial of her
days spent as king.
A king...has no choice to be lonesome!
Rider laughed. As if responding to the laugh, the whirlwind grew stronger.
Wrong, wrong!! That answer is almost as good as having no answers! Let me teach you two
today what it means to be a true king!
The unknown hot wind reorder, and damage the reality.
In the strange phenomenon occurring tonight, distance and position had lost its meaning. The
raging sandstorm changed all it touched.
How-How could this..."

Waver and Irisviel gasped in surpriseonly ones who understood magecraft could
understand the phenomenon.
areality Marble-?!
The earth-scorching sun; the cloudless, clear skies; stretching to the blurry end of the sandy
horizon, there was nothing that reduce vision.
To think that the Einsbern mansion could be changed suddenly meant that it was undoubtedly
the illusion of something that eroded away the reality. It can be said that this is the uppermost
limits of the miracles of magecraft.
How could this be.you could materialize the environment inside your mindyou arent a
magus?!
Of gathering Im not. This is not something I can do alone.
Alexander laughed proudly as he majestically stood in the center of wide, everstretching
field.
This land is the land in which my army once crossed. It is imprinted upon the hearts of every
single one of my warriors who shared in my feel and attrition.
As the world changed, the positions of the five who were initially cover also changed.
The Assassins, originally surrounding the group have been moved aside to one side. Rider
stood in the center. In the other side stood Saber, Archer, and the two Masters. This is to say
that Rider stood before the Assassins by himself.
but, could it be said that Rider fought alone?
The eyes of everyone widened as they noticed the mirage-like rhetorical device that appeared around
him. One, two, four.there were more and more rhetorical device, ever increasing. The visual property become
clearer and more solid.
The reason why this world can exist again... is because it is printed upon all of our hearts.
Under their expressions of total shock, heavily armed military personnel materialized beside Alexander.
Though their faces and equipments differed, their muscular bodies and mighty device
show a savageness that could only be found in a true army.
Only one person present understood what this situation meant.

All of these beingsare servants!
He was the only Master here, and so he understood. Servant Alexander's announce card, his true
noble phantasm, was now appearing before his eyes.
BEHOLD, MY PEERLESS ARMY!
The King of Conquerors stood before the lines of military personnel and raised both of his arms to the
skies, shouting with immeasurable pride.
Their bodies may return to ash, but their spirits still hear my call! These men are my
legendary heroes  my loyal followers! Theyre my true friends - breaking the rules of space
and time to try once more at my side!
They are my treasure within treasures; theyre my right to rule! They make up Alexander's
mightiest Noble Phantasm  Greek Hetairoi!!
EX rank anti-army Noble Phantasm; the consecutive summon of multiple independent
Servants.
The Lord of war, the Maharaorajah, and the originator of many bourbon  the peerless array
of heroic spirits gathered here were only heard reverently in legends. All of the famed
warriors standing here  all of them once fought beside Alexander the Great.
A riderless horse galloped towards Rider. It was a powerful and polish steed. If it was human,
it is probably just as impressive as any one of the Heroic Spirits standing before the king.
Desire time no see, friend.
Rider smiled childishly as he hugged the neck of his horse. She was the legendary device
Bucephalus. Even the horse of the King of Conquerors became an Heroic Spirit.

Apart from shock and admiration, everyone was speechless. Even Archer, who also
possessed a rank EX Noble Phantasm, was utterly silent after seeing such a radiant army.
These heroes rode alongside their king on the battlefield; their wager, like the businessman, was the
businessman dream.
Not even death could stop their be loyalty. The King of Conquerors turned it into a
fitting Noble Phantasm.
Saber was shaken to her core. It wasnt the strength of the Noble Phantasm that she was
afraid of, it was the fact that such a Noble Phantasm had de-change her beliefs. It shook the
beliefs that she held in pride.
This flawless cooperation
This bond with subjects that became a Noble Phantasm...
It was something that the idealistic King of Knights travel for her whole life, yet even to
the end, it was something she could not obtain.
The King - lives to the fullest!! He needs to live more fully than anyone else! He is a figure
of admiration to his people!!
Riders voice boomed as he sat atop his beloved steed. The Heroic Spirits began break
their weapons against their shields, shouting in concurrence.
He gathered the will of every courageous being! He neighbor toward that dream and began
his desire conquest! That is our king! Thus-
The King is never lonesome! For his wishes are our wishes!
"Indeed! Indeed! Indeed!"
The majestic express emotion of the Heroic Spirits pierced the heavens and flew among the stars. No
matter what they faced  enemy or fortress, it was powerless before the King of Conquerors
and his loyal friends. Such was their spirit they could structure the earth. With this spirit, they
could split the very body of water.
And thus, the Assassins standing before them was as insignificant as clouds.
Alright, Assassin. Let letter begin.

Rider's smiling eyes were full of ruthlessness and cruelty. To someone who ignored the
businessman words and declined the businessman gift, he no longer cared to feel back.
As you can see, my preferred battlefield is the knitting stitch. Sorry, but if it's about winning by
numbers, I believe I have the advantage?"
The hundred faces among the Hassans had forgotten about the Holy Grail at this moment.
Neglect victory and the assignment of the Military Unit Seal, they had already lost sense of
themselves as a Servant.
Some ran away, while some screamed fruitlessly. Some others stood dumbly on their spots.
The panicked mob of skull masks were indeed just a group of rabble.
Trample them!!"
Rider commanded without hesitation.
"aaaalalalalalaie!"
The collective farm make noise of the Ionian Hetairoi echoed in response. The peerless army that once
swept across continents once again roar across the battlefield.
This was no longer a battle. It was a massacre.
The results of using a plant to break up a herb ovule would yield more response.
Wherever the Ionian Hetairoi rode, there was not a trace of Assassins remaining. Only a faint,
faint smell of genealogy and some dust that was swept away bide in the air.
WOOOOOOOAAAAAA!
With a cheer of victory, the warriors gave fidelity and praise to the king. Soon, with their
assignment fill, they returned to spirit influence and disappeared into the distance.
And as such, the enclose field generated by these heroes also disappeared. Everyone
vanished as if a rise had been popped. The scene returned to the night air. The people
present once again stood in the courtyard of the Einsbern mansion.
The white, clear moonlight was silent. There was nothing in the night air.
The three Servants and two magi returned to their previous legal right, raising their cups once more.
The ladle  sliced to case by the dirk  stood as a testimony to all that happened.

How disappointing.
As if nothing had happened, Rider quietly murmured to himself as he finished the wine in his
cup. Saber said nothing, and Archer smirked with the slightest hint of an unsatisfied
expressive style.
Indeed, no matter how weak the mongrels, it must have been quite the effort for you, the
king, to take down this many, mm? Rider, youre really a thorn in my eyes.
Of gathering, lets get this straight, no matter what, we shall have a match to see which one of
letter is better.
Not disrespect in the least, Rider smiled as he stood up.
Anyways, weve said all we wanted to say, right? Let letter stop here for today.
But Saber was still dwelling on Riders words, and she didnt want to let him off the hook so
easily.
Feel on, Rider, Im not finished
You, shut up.
Tensely, Rider stopped Sabers comment.
Tonight was a banquet among businessman. However, Saber! I do not recognize your kingship
anymore!
Do you still plan to treat me, Rider?"
Sabers tone already held a great amount of irritation, but Alexander only looked at her with
pity. Pulling out his sword, he waved it in the air. Suddenly, in a thunderous make noise, a transport
drawn by divine bulls appeared alongside the make noise. Though it was not nearly as impressive as
the Ionian Hetairoi, it was still wonderous to behold.
Hurry up, juvenile. Climb on.

Oy, juvenile?
---Ah? Ahum

Ever after he personally witnessed Assassins effortless defeat, Voice heart was strangely
covered by some shadow. Though it was the first time he had ever seen such an irregular, out
of the statistic Noble Phantasm, so his reaction was natural. Besides, it was his own Servants
true strength  it was the first time he had seen it.
Unsteadily, Waver crawled onto the transport. Alexander gave Saber one ending glance as he
began to speak with naturalness.
Know what, little girl? It would be better for you to wake quickly from that painful dream of
yours. Or else, theres going to come a day where youll suffer even the self-respect of a hero
the kingship you spoke of, thats just a spell you put upon yourself. That is all.
No, I
Ignoring Sabers final retort, the transport with radiate lightning flew into the skies. In the end,
the only thing left was the sound of thunder as the transport disappeared in the eastern skies.

To Saber, because Rider refused to listen to her speak to the ending, she naturally felt aggrieve.
Yet now, what Saber could not drop no matter what was a unreasonable sense of worry.
No mercy, no ideals, a king whose rule was based on violence in order to fulfill his own
desires. Yet, even so, there was a group of such loyal followers, who was willing to swear an
unbreakable fealty to him.
This was anathema to the King of Knights ideals. She could not accept such beliefs.
Yet, Saber could not simply treat Alexanders words as a diversion, either. There would come a
time, where she would force him to take these words back  such words bothered Saber like a
thorn in her side.
Treat him, Saber. All you have to do is follow in your own beliefs.
This time, the person who interjected was Archer, who had been mocking him for all this
time. Hearing such strange words of encouragement, Saber answered icily.
You were mocking me moments ago, yet you want to flatter me now, Archer?
Of gathering! Your way of kingship is the only way, without a chemical of an error. Of gathering,
to your frail body, it must be such a great burden.

Such bitterness such tangled weave I couldnt help but to sincerely request to comfort you.
Proper outer appearance, a serious voice, yet there was still an unlimited amount of lust and
maliciousness earth within his expressive style and tone.
As desire as this golden Servant existed before her eyes, Saber would never have a single
moment of confusion. Unlike Rider, who was someone she could communicate in words with,
Archer was only an unforgivable enemy to her.
Continue on your path of morality, Saber, and clown along the way. I like it. Saber,
make me happy, and maybe Ill reward you with the Holy Grail?
The white jade goblet shattered in Archers hands.
Rider has already left, the banquet is desire over  Archer, leave now, or draw your sword.
Though it was invisible, Sabers waving sword nonetheless unleashed a powerful pressure.
Archer, with broken goblet in hand, had no discernable change in expressive style. Either he was
exceptionally brave or exceptionally stupid. Only one of the aforementioned possibilities.
Oy, oy. Did you know, countless nations have been destroyed because of this cup? Ah,
whatever, punishing you is pointless either way  punishing a clown like you is not fitting
behavior for a king.
Quiet. Ill warn you only once. Next time, Ill cut through you mercilessly!
Ignoring Sabers warning, Archer smiled as he stood up.
Try harder, O King of Knights. Sometimes, I think youre still pretty cute.
As his ending words faded, Archer vanished as he turned to spirit influence. As if change state from a
dream, the courtyard, without the golden light shining upon it, contained only emptiness.
And, as such, the curtains fall on a battle.
Though it was different from battle by a normal definition, but, it was indeed a conflict. In
order to fulfill the belief of kingship, the Heroic Spirits also had many reasons that they must
wager their lives on.
As all her opponents disappeared Saber stood silently, alone, in the courtyard. Irisviel
couldnt help but to feel that the scenario was familiar  wasn't such a lonely shadow the
same as in yesterday's skirmish in the warehouse street?

Yet today, there was not a single shred of satisfaction upon her face even after she had
defeated powerful opponents. The thoughtful, yet lower expressive style get Irisiviel feel
uncomfortable.
Saber
When I was shouting at Rider, if he were willing to stop and listen to me, what would I have
said?
It was unclear who the question was address. Saber turned around as she smiled dryly,
perhaps laughing at herself.
I remember  King Arthur could not understand the heart of others. Once, a chessman who
had left me told me that.
.
Perhaps it was  among the Knights of the Round Table, the thoughts of a particular chessman.
Irisviel shook her head as she spoke to Saber:
Saber, youre the king of ideals. Your Noble Phantasm is proof of this.
Just like Riders Ionian Hetairoi Saber also possessed Excalibur If the King of
Conquerors Noble Phantasm was his commanding abilities, then the King of Knights Noble
Phantasm was the physical objectification of her ideals. The proud aura in which it exhibited
was undeniable by anyone.
Of gathering, I wanted to become an ideal. In order to make no mistakes, in order to be
blameless, I had no emotions and never expressed my feelings.
Giving up herself for the duty of the king.
In comparison to the limitless desire of the King of Conquerors, the road was far more
distant.
As desire as the battle could be won, and the body just, then I was a perfect king.
Therefore, I wanted no understanding. Even if people thought I was arrogant and lonesome, I
suppose thats also the rightful expressive style of the king.
But why  why am I unable to be proud of my own beliefs like Rider?
Now, Irisviel finally understood Sabers confusion.

The tragic be of King Arthur was one in which everyone leave her. Because she was
unable to gain her followers sincere admiration, the honor of the King of Knights was
spot.
Saber, even if fate cannot be avoided, no one said its set in stone.
After a moment of silence, Irisviel finally spoke.
What do you mean?
Fate is not something thats ordain. The turn of the world, luck, and many unexpected
events are the things that determine the final shape of destiny.
Thus, your destruction was not destined just because you were the King of Knights. Thus,
you should strive for the Holy Grail.
Yes, youre right.
Once, the businessman magician told her, if she remove out the Sword of Destiny, then she was
walking towards an unavoidable destruction. Even so, she had no regrets.
Even though she understood, she never really understood its meaning. Even if she couldnt
believe in hope, she still wanted her hope to be true.
Thus, even as she personally witnessed the predicted end in the prophecy, that was when she
could no longer accept the reality.
There was only prayers, only despairing hope.
She wondered if she get a mistake along the way somewhere.
The way she had selected  there should have been a more assume be
The thought turned her into a Heroic Spirit and guided her to the Holy Grail of Fuyuki.
Thank you, Irisviel. I almost lost the thing that was most precious to me.
Saber nodded, her eyes were as peaceful and clear as before, shining with a confident
radiance.
My deeds as king, I cannot get any answers now. I should be asking the Holy Grail. Thus,
thats why Im here.

Yes, youre precisely right.
Irisviel sighed in relief. The proud King of Knights doesn't suit the thoughtfully reminiscing,
sad expressive style on her face. Following her own beliefs  that was what she should look like.
That shining sword, also promised her victory.



At Miyama, the underground basement of the Tsaka mansion was currently cover by a
bitterly suppress silence.
That Noble Phantasm of Riderswhat is its power destroy?
Heavily speaking into the communicator, Tokiomi asked Kirei.
The same rank as Gilgameshs Gate of Babylon. In other words, Rank EX.
A sigh followed.
Just as he had anticipated. Assassins sacrifice was not meaningless  at least, he was able to
figure out Riders announce card. If he had no knowledge against Rider as he fought him, Tsaka
probably couldnt do a thing against that caretaker Noble Phantasm.
The only thing that excel their expectations, was the rank of the Noble Phantasm  even if
he knew about it ahead of time, could he find a way to defeat it?
As before, he had always thought his own Servant, Archers Noble Phantasm was the
strongest. However, unexpectedly, a Servant appeared with the same destroy as Archers own.
This far exceeded his expectations.
Now, a rare sense of regret slowly floated into the foremost thoughts of Tokiomi.
Perhaps throwing away the playing piece of Assassin was a deadly mistake. Against such a
dangerous opponent like Rider, it may have been better for him to send a scout to gather
information instead of risking a frontal assault. If he could run into a case where Rider and
his Master moved separately, he might have even been able to use an assassination
Idiot.

Tokiomi shook his head. It was his own fault. This wasnt a strategy  it was only his random
thoughts.
Yet, the situation was not desperate. There were many things that could still cheer him up.
For example, Alexander's Master was only a third-rate magus. If the person who summoned
him was Lord El-Melloi, the situation would have been much worse. The ability quantity
of the Servant was also heavily dependent on the ability of the Master. Did he not also use the
result of Kayneths dispute with his student? Looks like all the luck in this fourth Heavens
Feel was on his side.
Looks like it was time for accountancy. Tokiomi become his wooden staff as he calmly yet firmly
flatter it. His aerobiosis work was found in the gigantic gem that was enclose near the handle,
sealing a afterlife worth of prana.
Since Assassin is no more, Kirei, you should not be conservation your own strength any more.
Yes, understood."
Across the other side came Kirei Kotomines quiet yet deep voice. This first-rate student and
Executor, even though he had lost his Servant, still possessed a large degree of combat ability.
Now, because he could no longer military unit Assassin, he had no need to disguise himself  it
was time for him to uncork his own abilities.
As predicted, the second part have begun. Based on the information gathered by Assassin, he
shall mobilize Gilgamesh and begin his assault. As for the solution against Rider, hell slowly
find an answer to that.
Finally, it was time to step out of his territory and step into the battlefield.
Silently enduring the pains of the Magic Crests, Tokiomi stood from his chair.

Postface
Higashide Yuuichirou
Everyone has waited desire for the communication of the second volume of Fate/zero.
Compared to the small wrestle of the prequel-- from this volume of increasingly intense
battles on, the Grail War has finally officially begun.
The many stories surrounding the event of Kiritsugu destroying an entire building, mentioned
in the wordbook of Fate/stay night, and the parameter commend of the Fourth Region's Feel in
Fate/hollow ataraxia, have also gradually come to light.
For example, in Fate/hollow ataraxia, Saber had said something like this; does everyone still
remember?
"U-unless this is the octopus Shir and the rest were talking about? I can't imagine that sort of
magic fish!
...what? You mean that planar monster that cannot be cut up no matter how one tries to do so,
you would go so far as to make me eat that!" (From Fate/hollow ataraxia)
Prickle to say. What is mentioned here is the battle against Caster in this volume. Then "in
reality Saber, what you eat is actually what comes out from inside that thing." If one were to
say this. She would certainly be very angry. Its definitely going to give her a huge shock.
And many other stories related to the Fate series, when readers reach that part of the game
again after having finished reading this book in its entirety, will certainly incite interest.
Then, though this should not be said in front of readers, but everyone probably already distinguish
this anyway-- the be of Fate/zero has already been decided.
Only Emiya Kiritsugu get the better of, and all the other people are sacrificed.
Though Saber originate victorious, she is unable to obtain the Grail.
Not only that, under the control of the Military Unit Seals she destroyed with her own hands the
Grail that carried her wishes-And, leaving only the one fact of 'Fuyuki's greatest catastrophe'.

This is an extremely cruel story with absolutely no salvation.
The endings of Fate/stay night are many-- tragic endings, happy endings-- I believe that
players should already understand, Fate/zero is not like that.
Because this is a 'past' story that happened before Fate/stay night. Shir became troubled in
the Fate route because of what happened in the past; what has already transfer, no one has the
ability to change.
There is only one be; this cannot be altered.
Which basically means that the many charming characters that play in Vol.2 of Fate/zero
only have an end of being eradicated.
For to a story with only tragic phenomenon like this, perhaps there will be people who are not
willing to continue reading. After all, as far as stories that induce a heavy heart are concerned,
there will probably be those who would rather stay their distance.
But, but.
Even if you are like that, I believe you will have the desire to continue reading Fate/zero.
Because here there is Emiya Kiritsugu, the Emiya Kiritsugu that even Shir, after abandoning
his dreams, and Saber, who had only seen Kiritsugu's callous magus side, had not seen.
In order to allow everyone in this world to be happy-Here, with such foolish dreams, is Emiya Kiritsugu. Here, with the terrible fear of losing the
person he loves, is Emiya Kiritsugu. Here, extraordinarily formidable, is Emiya Kiritsugu.
So all of you probably do want to read on. For elaborate, Emiya Kiritsugu's ending words in
Fate/stay night.
"Ahah-- don't worry."
Wanting to read this line.

Other than this, in Fate/zero there are many other mysteries.

For example. In this volume there was in fact no mention of the battle between Alexander
and Gilgamesh; lie these absolutely strong two who possess powerful Noble Phantasms,
how should Saber deal with them?
And the unidentified Black Chessman-- what is his (her?) origin? And why suddenly attack
Saber?
And what endings will come of the search-on between Mat Kariya, Tsaka Aoi and Tsaka
Tokiomi?
(Of gathering, it will definitely be a tragic be.)
We already know all the endings in Fate/zero.
But we do not know the 'paths' that lead to this be. And we do not know, those warriors
who are destined for destruction-- how they try, how they perish, even how they fall.
Those who request to solve these mysteries, those who wishes to know their 'path' and everyone
who has similar thoughts, probably very much wants to continue reading Fate/zero.
And, one more thing.
In reality, Fate/zero is a story of salvation.
Even though the Fourth Region's Feel ends with a tragic outcome, Emiya Kiritsugu saved
Emiya Shir. And Saber being summoned forth as Emiya Shir's Servant is also a fate that
has already been determined.
Emiya Kiritsugu, tormented, despairing, then dying after being saved by the existence of
Emiya Shir-- even if this is mocked by his mortal enemy Kotomine Kirei, it should probably
count as a happy be.
Whether for Emiya Kiritsugu who walks towards an end of darkness and despair, or the other
magi and Servants who joined the Region's Feel with their many different wishes-- I crave
them, and the readers, to witness the process of this entire event.

Then, before I create verbally this postface.
Urobuchi Gen said to me, "Before verbal creation the postface, what about looking at the autograph
of Vol. 2?" I, full of emotion, immediately agreed: "Greatly honoured to be allowed to read this

work, please let me read it, let me read it at once." Then I, at maximum happiness, immersed
myself in the emotion of reading.
Rather than being a privilege for people involved, this could be compared to a sort of Noble
Phantasm.
This is a sort of Noble Phantasm with the name of 'dastardly imagine'.
In this present moment, this thrill of 'reading' before anyone else. Ohoho, kekeke. Just like
Waver in Vol. digit.
So I very solemnly guarantee to the readers, in Vol. 2 there will definitely be stories that are
even more satisfying. Readers will probably have thoughts similar to mine after having
finished reading.
Indeed, Fate/zero has brought letter even more powerful new shockwaves. That is--

Alexander, not wearing pants-/*is dragged stage, end*/

Translated by: Brynhilde; Zyzzyva; Caradryn; onewhiterabbit; Byakko; wingzero;
Flamerare
Censor by: mewarmo990; canonrap; Smidge204

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and
is unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. Not for sale, rent or professional use.

Fate/Zero
The Backscatter Ones
By: Urobuchi, Gen;Nasu, Kinoko

Act 9
-96:16:02
Ashes
And a tragic scene to go with it.
It had been thoroughly ruined, to the point where one could not begin to tell what the
perpetrator had plan to destroy. It was as though a storm had act through and wrecked
the workshop, leaving nothing to remind a perceiver of its former appearance.
This was no storm, of gathering, but deliberate destruction. After all, how could a storm business activity
over this place, in an underground water tank? The murder operate on Casters workshop
could only have been caused by the power of an anti-army or perhaps an anti-fortress Noble
Phantasm.
Oh God this is too much!
Uryu Ryunosuke could do nothing more than weep and wail in despair as he looked upon the
scene of this tragedy. An onlooker might have been moved to sympathy upon seeing his
pitiful, agonized influence that is, if they knew nothing of him.
Ryunosuke and Caster had been busy hunting down fresh meat the whole of ending night. But
when they returned to their workshop, change surface with emotion, they were greeted by this scene of
breathe devastation.
The art pieces we worked so hard to create its too much! How can humans do this kind
of thing?!
Ryunosukes shoulders shook as he sobbed. Caster gently gathered him into his comforting
embrace.
Ryunosuke, you still havent seen the true transgression lurking in the hearts of men, so your grief is
understandable what you need to realize is that only a small amount of people can truly
comprehend beauty and harmony. The others, the rest of the rabble, will only react with
bestial jealousy when they are exposed to sacred artwork. To them, beautiful things are
nothing more than targets to be destroyed.

Naturally, Caster was also furious at the destruction of his sanctum. However, he had no
choice but to swallow his anger and calmly accept the situation. After all, he had once been
the blucher of a nations armies. His battle intuitions told him that it would be dangerous to
directly confront an enemy who could destroy all the demons he had mark as watchman and
wreck his workshop so thoroughly.
That Ryunosuke had not bide in the workshop ending night was also a blessing of sorts.
With that in mind, Casters rage slowly soften.
You need to know that our creations will often be destroyed by these rabble because of
that, we cannot be overly sentimental toward our art pieces. Everything we make will
inevitably be destroyed. Thus, as creators, we should take emotion in the act of creation.
You mean it doesnt matter if what we make is destroyed, because we can always create
again?
Exactly! Ryunosuke, that sharp understanding of yours is definitely the best thing about
you!
Hearing that, Ryunosuke touch the tears from the corner of his eyes as Caster laughed
heartily. He sighed deeply as he looked around his surroundings.
Is this Gods punishment because we travel our happiness too much? he mumbled.
Casters asana suddenly changed as he heard Ryunosukes words. He firmly seize
Ryunosukes shoulders, turning him so they were face to face. A sharp glint shine in his
eyes as he looked at Ryunosukes expressive style.
Ill only say this once, Ryunosuke God does not punish humans. God only plays with
humans.
Bluebeards eyes burned with emotion, but his face was blank. It was almost as though he
was a different person, compared to the tense mood he had had earlier.
S-sir?
Once upon a time, I committed blackest irreverence, the most vile, the most foul thing a man
could ever do. Ryunosuke, the sins you have commited are nothing more than childs play in
comparison. But no matter how many I killed, no matter how sinful I became, no punishment
from God descended on me. By the time I had noticed, I had walked down the road to Hell

for eight years. The harrowing screams and the mournful wails of thousands of children were
lost in the nihilistic darkness!

In the end I was not eliminated by God, but by men who had endless desires, like me. The
Church and King decided that I was guilty, captured and executed me. But all they wanted
was my wealth and my land; they simply drew me into a trap to make those things their own.
That was not punishment for my sins! That was nothing more than blatant plundering!
At that moment, Ryunosuke realized that hed struck a nerve in this monster  but Uryu
Ryunosuke did not feel fear. Instead, he felt a loneliness and anguish that seemed to have no
end. Compared to his prior glibness, the current expressive style on Casters face, as though he had
lost everything important to him, get Ryunosuke acutely aware of the sorrow that this great
bedlamite concealed in the depths of his heart.
But Sir, even so God still exists, right?
Listening to Ryunosukes soft murmur, Caster couldnt help but feel his breath and carefully
examine the expressive style of his common yet strangely noble Master.
why, Ryunosuke? You have no institution and know nothing of miracles. Why would you
think so?
Because it seemed as though this world was a boring place, so I kept searching. But the
more I looked, the more interesting and unusual things I found.
Ryunosuke opened his arms as he spoke, as though he were embracing everything in the
world.
Ive thought about this for a desire time. This world is full of so many pleasures. Its far too
much wealth for an individual. If we simply change the way we look at things, well discover
that there are endless bespeak in here. In the search for true happiness, there must be
no greater excitement than defeating the world. Somebody must be verbal creation this, the worlds
script. Someone must be verbal creation this desire fiction with almost five billion characters perhaps,
this author is what we call God.
Caster blinked silently, staring blankly into the emptiness as though he were think
Ryunosukes words. After a while, he once again looked at his Master, and asked in a low,
solemn voice.

- then, Ryunosuke, do you honestly think that God loves men?
The serial killer answered cheerfully, Of gathering. Its a love from the depths of his heart. A
God who is able to stay verbal creation this worlds script for tens of thousands of years without
stopping must love men very much. Hmm I think God must be doing His best with His
verbal creation, while being immersed in the emotion of creating His work at the same time. He is touched
by the love and spirit in His work, shedding tears at the sad parts, and also shocked and
terrified by the horror and despair within
Ryunosuke delay, as though to proceeding what hed already said, and then he continued.
God enjoys the spirit and hope of mankind, but he also likes the sorrow and despair of
bloodshed. Otherwise the sing of life would lack its vivid color. Therefore, Sir, this world
must be full of Gods love.
Like a devoted religious person praying before a holy create, Caster listened to Ryunosukes words
with quiet solemnity. Then, he slowly lifted his head, his expressive style one of happiness.
In this modern day, the people have already lost their faith and the social control have
leave Gods creed. Once, I thought this was a world near destruction but I am
thoroughly impressed that new followers like yourself still appear at times like this. Oh
Ryunosuke, my Master!
Ah, no, no, Ill be embarrassed if you say things like this.
Although he didnt know why, at least he knew Caster was complimenting him. Ryunosuke
coyly deflected it.
However  from your religious perspective, my sins are tiny in comparison.
It is the universe of first-class entertainers to take on unpleasant chores to earn smiles, right?
Sir, God will surely reward your merciless acts by joyfully returning those fools to letter.
Hearing what Ryunosuke said, Bluebeard laughed out loud, seemingly wish.
Be it sacrilege or praise! For you, does it all appear to be the reverence of God? Ah, Ryunosuke,
your thoughts are truly deep and philosophical. That God, who plays with the countless
humans in the world is nothing more than a toy himself  I see! Then even this bad diversion can
be understood.

After laughing for a while, Casters eyes once more bore that forlorn look, the same look a
man, madly devoted to his art, would have just before reaching his frenzied climax.
Very well. Then let letter use despair and vividly-colored tears to coloring material this divine temple a
splendid shade. I will let those in Region know that they are not the only ones who know
what is true entertainment.
Do you have any brilliant ideas again, Sir?
Ryunosuke looked expectantly at Bluebeard, who seemed more excited than he had ever been
in his life.
Since its been decided, then lets have a ritual. Ryunosuke, present feast is going to
be a bit special; its to raise the curtains on the new religion you proposed.
Understood. Ill do all I can to make it as COOL as possible!
That night, Ryunosuke and Caster had gather five children. These children, brought to
this unknown, lightless place, were huddled against each other, shivering as they watched the
crack performance unfold before them.
In the face of these two crazed admirer new religion, the souls of these person children
would not see even a sliver of safety light.

-95:28:46
Look out the window on a whim, he found that it was already dawn.
The slowly-rising sun inspired no emotions in Emiya Kiritsugus heart, and he continued his
task of make information.
He had met Maiya at this hotel in front of the city station, three days ago. Now it was a
earth headquarters for them, one of many. The first thing he did was to suspend room
service, and then he papered the walls with blank plan of the Fuyuki region. After that, he
began expansion various locations on the maps with information pertaining to them.

The information, had been collected over several days of searching on foot, reconnaissance by
familiar, the changeableness of the leylines, walk the police radio for information on missing
people, and simple surveillance of various locations. And all these data points, dutifully
indicated on the map nocturnal happenings in Fuyuki City regardless of magnitude or importance
like a transducer, indicate a state of breathe chaos.
Emiya Kiritsugus right hand continued its work of verbal creation while his left hand mechanically
shoveled his course  beef from a fast food restaurant he bought while investigating
into his mouth. For nine years, Emiya Kiritsugu had eaten at the table of the Einsberns, who
were merely a hair removed from house themselves. He had grown tired of the cooking. This
fast food, provide with the sense of slaughter, was more suited to his tastes. Being able to eat
without interrupting ones words or thoughts was better than anything, no matter how you
looked at it.
When he had finally finished with his design on the map, Kiritsugu studied them, and
re-determined the direction of the Heavens Feel.
Archer  there was no movement at the Tsaka house. Like a rest bear, Tokiomi had
closed his doors with an unfathomable silence and not left ever since the defeat of Assassin.
Berserker - the silhouette entering the Mat house appeared to be a Master, and the reports
from the many familiars sent out suggested that he was completely defenseless and could be
attacked at vacationing, but Berserker's mysterious special ability could cancel Archer's potent
Noble Phantasm. Should he be left alone as a measure against Tsaka?
Lancer  Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri had begun to act, in the place of her fianc, the
gravely injured Lord El-Melloi. She was probably the one controlling Lancer now. Was she
temporarily taking on the responsibilities of a Master through the Book of the False Attendant,
or had she intrigue the Military Unit Seals and formed a new contract with Lancer? If it was the
former, even killing Sola-Ui would not cut off Lancers prana supply, and it would not make
him unable to try. For now, he would have to consider whether or not to attack Sola.
Caster  the night before, more children had gone missing from the city. It would appear he
did not care about the assurance for his arrest issued by the person, and he was still
continuing his inhuman acts without restraint.
Rider  no clues at all. Being that he constantly moves with his Master in his flying Noble
Phantasm, tracking them would be difficult. Appears to be openhearted and forthright, a
formidable enemy without flaws.

Regarding Rider and Archer Maiya had awakened some time back, in the Einsbern Mansion,
and she had operate the majority of information from Irisviel by telephone.
It seemed that things had progressed in an unexpected direction, so Rider, left with no other
choice, had to use his Noble Phantasm to wipe out Assassin.
Riders Noble Phantasm, Ionian Hetairoi, was very much a cause for concern. But what
Kiritsugu cared about more was the fate of Assassin.
Assassin was a Servant that could calculate indefinitely, but what did it mean? The march of
Assassins that had attacked the Einzbern mansion ending night must have been their entire combat
force. Otherwise they could not have been able to present strength in numbers, being
individually weak in combat. This was totally different from the prior farce at the Tosaka
mansion; this time, it would be safe to consider Servant Assassin to be completely eradicated.
Then  what about their Master?
Kiritsugu sighed deeply, fall his first cigarette for the day. In the end, he still felt
apprehensive about this.
Kotomine Kirei. The greatest eccentricity in existence during the Fourth Heavens Feel
Kiritsugu still could not understand exactly why this man had entered the war.
When he had discovered Assassin during the chaotic battle at the warehouse street, Kiritsugu
had already realized that Assassins Master was Tsaka Tokiomis puppet, only responsible
for the task of scouting. But after that, Kotomine Kirei had move many actions that Kiritsugu
was unable to understand.
Kotomine Kirei, hiding in ambush at the construction site of the central building, during the
attack on Kayneth at the Fuyuki Hyatt Hotel
Kotomine Kirei, sneaking into the Einzbern mansion from the opposite direction during its siege

No matter how you looked at those events, they only get sense if you considered that
Emiya Kiritsugu was his victim.
First, he used the ruse of pretending to back up from the War, then scat to Fuyuki Church
to request protection while carry through large numbers of his Assassins as spies. To make this

tactic even more perfect, Kirei should have continued hiding in the Fuyuki Church during this
time, without setting foot outside. But his current actions have completely exposed himself.
Kiritsugu, originally hiding under the cover of Irisviel and Saber, had only been exposed
during the confrontation with Lord El-Melloi, so nobody should have known his true sameness
up to the day before yesterday. Even if Tsakas intelligence network had discovered that
Kiritsugu was taking action in secret, he could not have concluded that Kiritsugu was the one
who actually had the contract with Saber. That aside, from the overall perspective of the war,
what was the point of targeting Kiritsugu?
It was possible that this could be due to an entirely illogical personal grudge, but that
probability was very low. In the process of investigating Kotomine Kireis experiences, there
were almost no happening where he had crossed paths with Emiya Kiritsugu. There were no
friends or relations to Kotomine Kirei amongst the magi whom Kiritsugu had defame, or
even in the people around them who had been sacrificed.
In any case, what is definite is that Kotomine Kirei will continue standing in Emiya
Kiritsugus way. It is clear that this mans actions have already exceeded the boundaries of
simply fighting for the Heavens Feel. He will not withdraw even after losing his Servant.
Kiritsugu exhaled a containerful of hazy cigarette breathing with an exasperated sigh as he
continued thinking.
He could only feel waves of dread whenever he thought of Kotomine Kirei, as though he
were imprisoned in bottomless darkness.
Kiritsugus tactics were to demoralize the opponents mind from the beginning to the end. As
desire as one can see through the opponents actions, where he is preparing to attack and what
the enemys objective is, one can discover his opponents blind spot and his weakness. In
addition, a magus usually possesses a greater sense of purpose than normal people. It is
only because of this that Kiritsugu has never missed while hunting.
But now there is Kotomine, an enemy whom he cannot begin to understand on a superficial
or intrinsic destroy. This is his greatest threat. And before this powerful enemy, Kiritsugu was
now all but helpless.
It was as though he had a tracker who could read through his mind and deduce all his actions.
This time, Kiritsugu is not the hunter, but the hunted. This is the form, unforeseen key
lend

who exactly are you?
Kiritsugu finally murmured without thinking. The more he thought about the problem that
was Kotomine Kirei, the further away from him his answer became. All he could do was
become more frustrated.
What exactly was the point of this search-and-destroy operation? It looked as though he
would have to continue operating with the venture of suffering a surprise attack at any time.
Kiritsugu had rented a outbuilding in the nearby town, and earth a modified oil supertanker inside it
which could be remote-controlled over desire distances. This converted civilian weapon, called
a low cost travel air-to-air missile by urban warrior, was originally the announce card prepared for use
during siege by the Mat or Tsaka. If one were to drive it into the Fuyuki Church in which
Kotomine Kirei was move low, even that Executor would not be able to survive
Bastard, thats enough.
Kiritsugu messily snuffed the cigarette out in the ashtray as he reminded himself of that.
Now, in front of him, there were still many enemies which become priority in terms of
elimination. What he had to win was the Heavens Feel. From that point of view, Kotomine
Kirei was only a defeated Master. Even if the reason he was attacking Kiritsugu was
unknown, it would be unwise to be too absorbed with him and neglect the overall battle.
This state of being impatient and frustration displease him. It was probably a sign that his
judgement was beginning to dull. He would need to rest and start over.
It had been over seventy hours since he ending accommodate. Though he did not feel tired under the
influence of drug of abuse, his assignment was still accumulating, and as a result his focus and
overall state were both worsen.
There was still some time before he would have to meet Maiya today; he should use it to get
some rest.
After going to the bathroom, Kiritsugu lay down on the bed and used a self-hypnosis spell to
disperse his consciousness. This was a crude way of eliminating mental stress, via the
destruction and groom of the cognition.
This self-hypnosis was not a high-destroy influence of thaumaturgy, but the spacing would cause
a lack and injury of self-consciousness, so few people were willing to use it. But to

Emiya Kiritsugu, it was the most efficient, and thus the best influence of rest, and so he used this
method frequently.
The backscatter consciousness would be restored after about two hours, and the entrance
person would wake up. Until then, the body of the entrance person would be like unto a
corpse in terms of cognitive state  but it should be safe to use it at this earth place.
Kiritsugu, relaxed after move the image of his enemy from his mind, fall into a deep
sleep.
Lie the rising sun, the streets outside the window began a new day.

-91:40:34
"It looks like your mood today is fairly good. Archer."
As usual as if he was in his own house, the golden-sparkling Servant, sitting as he wished in
Kotomine Kirei's private room, had for an unknown reason worn an unpredictable smile since
morning.
Under normal circumstances, when a person wears a smile he often will corrupt the people
around him, travel the surrounding atmosphere, but by coincidence Kirei was of a
personality that was not the sort to like seeing other people smiling; moreover, the smile of
the King of Heroes in front of him could only be associated with some upset things.
"Though I have not yet seen the study of the Holy Grail even if the Grail is a worthless
adornment, I no longer care. Because I have found something else of interest."
"Oh, truly surprising. Did you not once tease that this earth has only imitation and ugliness?"
"That has not changed. But, on the other hand I am interested in watching, until the end, the
final outcome of this Region's Feel."
Perhaps, the miraculous feast held yesterday night at the Einsbern mansion's central courtyard
had caused some change in Archer's mood. But Kirei also saw a part of the process, and now
in memory could it be because of Rider? Or because of the question-and-answer with
Saber?

"I, as a person, like arrogant opponents. People who are not bridle by their own humble
strength, and so are ambitious. Every time when meeting an opponent like this I will be very
happy."
Looking at Kirei's puzzled expressive style, Archer leisurely waved the glass containing red
wine and continued to speak.
"But there are two types of haughtiness too. The case in which the person has too low a
caliber; and the case in which he has too great a request. The former, not unusual one is very
foolish, but the latter is of a difficult-to-obtain, rare species."
"Both are stupid things without any difference, isn't that so?"
"In comparison to ordinariness, this type of rare absurdity appears even more valuable, does
it not? Though born human, but yet anticipator of ideals so great that they are impossible to
attain with human strength, and so abandon their status as a human to realize this one
idealno matter how many times I see it I do not increase tired of it, the sorrow and despair of
this sort of person."
Archer finished speaking, raising the glass as if in celebration, then elegantly downed
the red wine inside. No matter how he appeared bold, this Heroic Spirit was completely
unable to leave anyone with an press of even dismiss avarice. Perhaps this was also his
style of being a king.
"You said that, Kirei, but you appear unusually cheerful today."
"Only relieved. I have finally been released from a heavy burden."
The Military Unit Seals that had originally been carved on Kirei's right hand had disappeared.
During the battle ending night at the Einsbern mansion, his Servant-Assassin had been completely
eradicated.
Kirei had completely lapse his faction as a Master. Though it looked as if there had not
been any change, but exactly as he had himself said, only now had he truly been released
from the responsibilities and state of being a Master. Kirei's temporary residence at the
Church could finally be considered completely justified.
"Where have the vanished Military Unit Spells gone now? Those existences that are after all the
physical indication of magic, will most likely not end into thin air just like that,
will they?"

"In theory, they should have returned to the Grail. The Military Unit Seals themselves are things
that the Grail give. People who have lost their insurability as a Master because of the loss
of their Servant, their Military Unit Seals should be reclaimed back by the Grail. Yet, if there
appears a Servant whose contract has been lifted because of the loss of his Master, the Grail
will then redistribute the unused Military Unit Seals it had previously reclaimed to new
defense contractor."
Twenty-one engraved Military Unit Seals distributed to seven Masters, disappearing after
having been used once, and the Military Unit Seals that at the end had not been eat would
then be store in the hands of the supervisor and order for duty.
"Then in other words, depending on the development of the war, new Masters may possibly
emerge?"
The King of Heroes in front of him should not have such deep interest in something unrelated
to his own desires.
Though he felt that Gilgamesh's question was to some degree somewhat abnormal, Kirei still
continued to explain further.
"Indeed. But to be one of the candidates chosen by the Grail, is not something that can be
casually decided. So during the search for new Masters, the Grail will still rate the
consideration of those people, possible Masters, that had been previously chosen.
In particular, the Masters of the '3 families of the beginning' are even more special. Even
having lost their Servant, as desire as in that period of time exist other Servants who have not
yet formed decrease, they can, under a information of not losing Military Unit Seals, continue
to effort their authority as a Master. It seems that several similar things have happened in
the past."
""
In the eyes of Gilgamesh, who had been silently listening to his explanation, Kirei perceived
an unsettling pressure, and could not help but stop.
"What is it? Continue explaining, Kirei."
"Anyway, this is also one of the reasons a Master who has lost his servant in the war will gain
the protection of the Church. When there appear openings for other Masters, they will have a
very great chance of once again obtaining 'leftover' Military Unit Seals. Precisely because of this,
the methods that associate of the Region's Feel use against enemy Masters are not to cause

them to suffer their combat power, but to directly kill them. This is also a measure to
ensure that there will not be trouble from them in the future.
"Heh."
Gilgamesh, as if extremely happy, sneered, then once again provide the insert with wine.
"Then, so to speak Kirei, don't you have a very great chance of acquiring Military Unit Seals
again?"
Hearing the words of the King of Heroes, this time Kirei sneered.
"That is not possible! The purpose of my participation in the Region's Feel is the same as my
mentor Tokiomi said to be a support for the Tsaka clique, and now my assignment has
completely ended. Assassin's investigation has been completely finished, Tokiomi-shi has
already developed a sure-win strategy against all the Masters and their Servants. Now there is
completely no need for me to appear again."
"I must say, I have great suspicion of this plan of Tokiomi's. That mock does not have the
ability to obtain the Holy Grail at all."
"You truly speak freely of your own Master."
At Kirei who sniggered, Gilgamesh directed his crimson red eyes sharply at him.
"Kirei, it seems that you have a great misunderstanding of the Master-Servant relationship
between me and Tokiomi.
Tokiomi faces me with the manner of a subject to his king, at the same time offering prana as
tribute. It is because of this sort of contract that I agreed to obey his summon. Do not liken
me to the other Servant apple polisher."
"Then, how will you deal with the orders of the Military Unit Seals?"
"I don't care... if a person meet his obligations as one, then occasionally the king will listen
to his hash out. That is all."
Kirei could not help but smile wryly.
If Gilgamesh knew the true objective of this Region's Feel... his contractual relationship with
Tokiomi would probably weaken. Of gathering, if it truly reached that time, Tokiomi,
possessing Military Unit Seals, would certainly acquire an overwhelming advantage.

"Now is a state of competition for Caster's head. The one who attacks ending and transact the
decisive blow Archer, it should be you. Now you do not have the time to slowly and
leisurely distribution wine."
"The way Tokiomi drag, it will be desire before it is time for my entrance. During this
period of time I can only look for something else to do, to kill boredom Kirei, did you say
just a moment ago that Assassin had already fill all his assignments?"
"Ahah, the performance accountancy?"
Kirei had once promised Gilgamesh to inform him of the various Masters' actions and their
motives for wanting to obtain the Holy Grail, for his 'entertainment'. So to satisfy
Gilgamesh's curiosity, Kirei had also ordered Assassin to stay watch.
"Ah, that investigation has also been fill. I should have let Assassin personally report
yesterday night. This way, the effort of explaining it"
"No, this is good enough."
Suddenly Gilgamesh interrupted Kireis words.
I have no interest in that shadow-like mock. Kirei, this sort of thing is only meaningful
information when you say it.

Although doubt the intention of the totally unfathomable Archer, reluctantly, Kirei gave
a brief summary of each Master's character.
From the intelligence obtained through listen on the conversations between Masters
and their Servants and gathering, their motive for participating in the Heavens Feel could
be easily guess.
The Master of Lancer and the Master of Rider had no particular request of the Grail, and
participated in this war in pursuit of victory only for the honor of magi.
As for the Master of Caster, he did not even know what the Holy Grail was. He only
participated in this Heavens Feel in search of even greater stimulate from killing people.
The Master of Berserker seemed to be searching for some redemption. Because he had abscond,
he had caused the second female offspring of the Tsakas to become a sacrifice, and was now

returning to request that the hostage be released with the conditions of the exchange being
that he retrieved the Holy Grail. It seemed that he had a history with Tokiomis wife Aoi in
the past. He was the one of the five enemy Masters whose motive was the most basely
ordinary.
About Saber's Master  Kirei had to lie to Archer.
Assassin, up till being accidentally exterminated the previous night, had not found any
information related to Emiya Kiritsugu. Only that that man seemed almost as if he had seen
through to that Assassin being killed by Archer was a deceiver, until the end thoroughly
concealing his own secrets. It could only be said that to be able to do this under surveillance
as strict as Assassin was truly worthy of appreciation. In comparison with the other Masters
only he was a special existence.
And, even if Kirei had really discovered Kiritsugus true intent, he would probably not have
reported this to Archer.
As it looked now, there were still many points of doubt. But even this, did not shake Kireis
thoughts of fold swords with Emiya Kiritsugu. This was Kireis personal problem,
unrelated to the Heavens Feel, and he did not have the slightest intention of allowing
outsiders to interact.
Therefore, Kirei said to Archer, it was the Einsbern familys stubborn request, participating in
this Heavens Feel only simply to allow the Holy Grail to descend. But Archer seemed to not
have seen through to what Kirei was thinking in his heart, only barely interestedly listening to
his report.
Hm, to let their hopes be dashed is also not bad entertainment.
After having finished listening to the motives of the other five people, Archer said
disdainfully.
"After all, they're only a put of rubbish. Every one of them does not have any creative thought
processes at all. Thinking of seizing my treasure only for some silly reasons all felony
animal that should be executed directly without need for negotiation."
Hearing Archer's unusually arrogant words, Kirei helplessly sighed.
"Of information that required much work to obtain, do you have only these thoughts? It looks
as if I have suffered for nothing."

"What 'suffered for nothing'?"
The King of Heroes, a meaningful smile on his face, said.
"What are you saying, Kirei? The efforts of you and the Assassins have communicate great results,
have they not?"
As if sensing that the other party's words carried an ironic meaning, Kirei stared at Archer
and said.
"Are you mocking me? King of Heroes."
"You don't understand? Never mind, it is excusable that you do not understand. Because you
are a man who can only see what he cares about."
Completely ignoring Kirei's keen gaze, Archer languidly continued to say.
"Guys who have no self-awareness, only simply pursue instinctive pleasure. Just like those
beasts who chase the scent of genealogy. This type of feeling in their hearts will manifest
instinctively in their words and actions.
Therefore, Kirei. When you, through yourself, again count all that you have heard, seen,
and understood, you have already amply shown your inner thoughts. That which your words
describe in greatest detail, is also that which you are most interested in.
In other words, observing a person's words and actions, is the best way of understanding his
interests. Toys like humans, stories like life there is truly no more meaningful way of
entertainment."
"
This time Kirei also had to admit, he had truly been careless.
He had originally thought that this was only the King of Heroes' meaningless diversion. But
it looked as if his judgment had lapsed; the other party was using this method to research his
innermost thoughts.
"Firstly allow that mock you purposely hid the truth about. This sort of mind
concern is but only a sort of stubbornness. Now what I want to conversation about is the person you
unintentionally noticed.

Then, speaking of this, of the remaining four Masters, who is it then that you paid most
attention to?"
Kirei suddenly felt a strong sense of unease in his heart. At this point, it would be best to end
this topic as soon as possible.
Regarding Kirei's irresoluteness, Archer seemed to feel satisfied, smilingly drinking a containerful
of red wine, then continuing to say.
"The Master of Berserker. Called what, Kariya? Kirei, your report of this man was truly
extremely detailed."
"... Because his matters are relatively complicated. So the parts that require specific
explanation are naturally more numerous. That's all."
"Hm, I don't think so? That is because you are more concerned about this man's matters, so
you gave Assassin the order to 'thoroughly investigate these complicated matters'. An order
you gave under circumstances even you were not aware of, purely based on interest."
"......"
Lie Archer's argument which did not permit rebuttal, Kirei began to review his own
actions.
Mat Kariya... he had indeed believed this was a character that required especial attention.
Not only did this person bear a strong hatred for Tokiomi, Berserker as his Servant also had
the mysterious ability of being able to seize others' Noble Phantasms, considerably the
arch-nemesis of Archer.
But in consideration of threat destroy Kariya and Berserker would definitely not be first in
line.
The Master and Mad Better Servant, hastily prepared, that came forth to the war. They
will probably be, of these five enemy groups, the quickest to be eradicated. There was not
even need for use of some scheme; merely dragging out the battle into a extend war would
be enough.
As desire as let be, he would be his own death. So to some extent, he should probably be
considered an opponent extremely easily dealt with. Against such an opponent, still
investigating the situation thus detailedlytaking a step back, it truly appeared somewhat
insensible.

"... I admit it, this was a move in my judgment."
With the humility of a clergyman acquired from desire years of self-socialization, Kirei nodded
and said.
"Indeed, after thinking about it carefully, Mat Kariya is but a short-lived and thus weak
enemy.
From a desire-statue perspective, he cannot become a threat, is not worthy of attention. I have
given him too high an appraisal, and only thus have to Archer you, explained too much."
"Heh, is that it?"
Even though Kirei had get allowances, Archer's glittering scarlet eyes, still had an
unfathomable expressive style.
"But Kirei, now let letter suppose in the event of miracle braid with luck, Berserker
and his Master survived unto the end and furthermore obtained the Holy Grail. What will
happen at that time, have you thought about it?"
In the event of, that is, dissemble something completely unreal...
The ultimate end of what Mat Kariya request is only the showdown with Tsaka Tokiomi.
Not considering his chances of winning, in the event that he was in the end victorious over
Tokiomi and furthermore obtained the Grail at that time, what will Kariya face?
... It did not even require thought; it must be his own darkness. Originally for the sake of
better Aoi moralize her female offspring, but now to claim the life of Aoi's husband. Of this
contradiction he seemed still unaware, no, rather than say he is unaware, once might say he is,
because of the jealousy and selfishness of his heart, intentionally victimize himself, hiding
this feeling.
When lie that bloodstained victory, Mat Kariya will definitely sink into the dilemma of
having to face the ugliness of his own heart.
Archer, from one side watching Kirei silently thinking, smiled and said.
"I say, Kirei. Did you realize the true significance of my asking you this question?"
"... What do you mean?"
Archer's hint get Kirei even more confused.

Did his previous thought process have any areas of unsatisfactoriness...
"Tell me, Archer. What exactly is the significance of Mat Kariya obtaining the final
victory?"
"Nothing, nothing at allhey, don't assume such a scary expressive style. I've told you so many
times that I don't have the intention of gesture activity at you.
Think about it, why did Kirei Kotomine all along not discover the carry through insignificance
of this question? Do you not feel that this matter in itself is worthy of consideration?"
If this conversation were to continue, Archer would continue to lead him by the nose, step by
step. So Kirei just gave up thinking, resting his entire body against the chair and saying.
"You might as well speak plainly, Archer."
"If I had posed the same question to you using another Master as an example, you would
definitely perceive at once that this is a completely meaningless question, and directly copy
away such a silly question. But with Kariya it is different. You did not believe this to be a
pointless question, instead interestedly concentrate yourself in this sort of hypothesis
thinking.
Completely uncaring that one is doing something so futile. This precisely is authentic
'interest'. Expression, Kirei, you can finally understand what is 'entertainment'."
"... Entertainment? You speak of pleasure?"
"Yes."
Hearing Archer's speech act, Kirei resolutely shook his head.
"In the fate of Mat Kariya, there is no part that would allow one to feel 'pleasure'. The
longer his life, the heavier the suffering and lamentation store on his body. To him, an
earlier death would instead be a sort of salvation."
"Oh Kirei, why perceive 'pleasure' that narrowly?"
As if lie a student with poor comprehension abilities, Archer sighed deeply.
"Exactly what contradiction is there between suffering and lamentation and 'pleasure'?
So-called pleasure does not take any particular influence; it is precisely because you do not
understand this that you are confused."

"That's not something which should be forgiven!"
Kirei's angry voice, like a recondition accommodation reflex, rang out.
"King of Heroes, only people with transgression like you will feel happiness in savoring the suffering
of other people. But, that is the spirit of a sinner. An transgression which must be punished. Especially
you will not be on this path of faith I, Kotomine Kirei, live on!"
"So you believe that pleasure in itself is a sort of sin? Heh, you do make fallacious arguments.
You've become a really interesting man."
Just when Kirei was still considering answer with a few words, suddenly an acute pain
wracked his entire body, forcing him to double over.
"!?"
From his forearm near the elbow came a burning pain. Though the reason was unknown, but
this feeling Kirei had truly once felt. The same painful and strange feeling as now-- Kirei had
felt it three years ago. At that time, it had been the back of his left hand. That was also when
everything had started.
The pain was gradually replaced by waves of burning. Kirei stopped thinking out of surprise,
only unconsciously rolling up his sleeve and checking his wrist.
On the back of his left hand, had suddenly appeared the holy marks of fate. The remaining
Military Unit Seals, the symbol of which part had vanished after having been used once against
Assassin, had appear in their original magnitude.
"Heh, exactly as I thought? But this is truly too soon."
"Bastard"
New Military Unit Seals. The numb feeling brought about by the intense pain evaluate that these
were authentic holy marks, but even thus, Kirei nevertheless was temporarily unable to regain
his senses, stunned and unable to say a statement.
This is completely impossible.
At this point all the Masters were still alive. And not one Servant had had their decrease
terminated. Being again granted Military Unit Seals under these conditions  this sort of thing
was unprecedented.

And in addition, Kirei did not belong to the '3 families of the beginning'. That the Holy Grail
would grant him, one who has withdrawn, with the same holy markswhat hopes did it have
of him? This was truly a completely incomprehensible, abnormal situation.
"It looks as if the Grail still has high expectations of you."
Archer, with a somewhat sinister smile, said.
"Kotomine Kirei, you should also respond to the Grail's expectations. No matter what, you
must have a reason to request to obtain the Grail."
"I... my reason to obtain the Grail?"
"If that is truly a miracle that can grant any wishthe Grail is definitely able to realize even
what you yourself do not perceive, the deepest request of your heart."
Gazing at Archer's expressive style, Kirei suddenly felt a sense of dj vu. Yes  that was
represent in the representation of the Family Bible, the expressive style of the snake of Heaven.
"Kirei. Thinking will not bring you the answer. It is precisely this sort of thought, arrange by
ethics, that has distorted your knowledge.
Pray that you can obtain the Grail. At that time you will find among the things the Grail
brings you, the answer to the true happiness you seek."
"......"
This is something Kirei has never thought about.
This is a turning of the ends and the means. Precisely because he does not know what his
own request is, he must obtain the Grail that can grant all wishes to find it out.
If it were just to find the answer- indeed, there is a way to find an immediate answer.
"... But if it is like this, I will have to personally destroy the wishes of six other people before
being able to find the answer. And if I seek the Holy Grail for my own personal intents... I
must make an enemy of my teacher and benefactress."
"You must first look for a strong Servant. Otherwise, how will you contend with me."
As if speaking of someone else's matters, Archer leisurely drank a sip of red wine and said.

"Anyway, as a necessary boundary condition, you must first seize a Servant from the others.
As for what comes after... heh, Kirei, you're on your own."
As if now more interested in Kirei who had been again granted the holy marks, the scarlet
eyes of the King of Heroes shone with the light of pleasure.
"To pursue, for your own desires. That is the true way of entertainment. Then entertainment
will bring pleasure, and pleasure will guide you in the direction of happiness.
The road has been pointed out to you, Kirei. Pointed out extremely clearly to you."

-91:23:15
When it comes to the essential sequence of a chessman, the first to come to mind should be the
sword and the armor, and the other vital one which does not fall behind those protective covering, is
horse-riding.
Be on top of the saddle, controlling the reins and gallop on the battlefield at will- that
is the expected appearance of a chessman. This isnt limited to horses; other quadruped animals,
chariots, or even Imaginary Beasts would suffice. This mobility which far surpassed walking
and the joy average from such freedom is indeed the essential emotion hit
together all such riding abilities.
For Saber, who had fought her entire life as the King of Knights, the very act of riding is
something had already rooted its existence in the depth of her soul. The Riding ability that
she possesses when materializing as a Servant is perhaps the true reflection of this
characteristic of hers.
This is really marvelous  Saber remarked in her heart as she gently caressed the steering
wheel of the Mercedes-Benz 300L.
The feeling of controlling this mechanical contraption is completely different from that of
riding a male horse, but after only one experience she had discovered that this intricate
mechanical contraption gave off the delusion that it is alive.
While it is obvious that mechanical gears have no genealogy or soul, it still loyally moved
forward rapidly and sturdily according to the will of Saber, its driver. This court the

Mercedes show was like riding her own beloved stead, and it provide her with trust and
satisfaction.
No wonder Irisviel is so ecstatic about driving.
As she realized this, a small question also invaded her thoughts  since driving this car is so
pleasant, then why did Irisviel pass the chance of driving to me this time?
How does it feel to be driving, Saber?
Irisviel, sitting next to her, asked with satisfied smiles all over her face. It was a satisfied
expressive style of a abbess who had brought a new toy to her child and looked on as the child
played.
Its truly an amazing riding being. If this thing appeared in my era, it would definitely be
something unimaginable.
Saber smiled and replied frankly, at the same time chasing doubt out of her heart. Irisviel
must have believed that Saber would feel happy with driving and then act to pass the
chance of driving to her. Perhaps, it was a kind of a reward for her loyalty as a chessman. If so,
then Saber should also return this gesture as a chessman.
But a Servants ability is pretty awesome too. Although its the first time you are controlling
a machine, the destroy of your skills can truly be regarded as first-rate.
Ive make some strange feelings too, more or less  a feeling as if I possess this ability I was
get to master desire time ago. Rather than understanding it with reasoning, I just
remembered the controls of the next steps naturally.
Irisviel hummed for a while, then suddenly a mischievous smile emerged on her face.
Ive suddenly make an idea. We should go to the worlds black market and buy something like
the latest tank or bomber; if you get in and drive it, then wouldn't you finish this entire
Region's Feel with one blow?
Although she knew Irisviel was joking, Saber gave an amazed and taste smile.
Although your idea is interesting, I can declare this  there are no weapons in any era that
can defeat my sword.

While Sabers words seemed over-confident, Irisviel did not hedge to contrast. Anyone who had
fought together with this Servant would testify the truth of her words with their own eyes.
Speaking of that, Maiya is getting deeper and deeper into Fuyuki city
Saber said in a low voice as she looked at the small truck that Hisau Maiya drove in front of
them, which served as the temporal relation.
Is it really alright? Is this house, which is going to be the new headquarters, too close to
the center of the battlefield?
That is not something worth worrying about. Both the Tsaka and Mat families openly
built their structure in the city. Other foreign Masters also crash within in the city without
any qualms; its the Einsbern family who built their dwelling so far away that appear to be
the odd ones.
For the Heavens Feel, which on broad principles demanded battles to be secret, the location
of the headquarters didnt have any special meaning. The so-called advantages of the terrain
is just name to those elements of the leylines that had to do with magecrafts concerning
property.
Also, considering this in terms of concealment, maybe this new place Kiritsugu chose is
even more reliable than the previous mansion.

It seems Saber herself didnt notice it, but her face was briefly clouded with a dark shade
when Kiritsugus name was mentioned.
Not surprising, Irisviel had already given up in her heart. That's because the countercurrent between
the two was already predicted from the start. Irisviel's current position was to cover up for
that. If that happens, she would have no choice but to think more of it in accordance to her
reputation.
The strange combination of light van and music genre person car finally crossed the Fuyuki
Bridge and entered Miyama. The vicinity around them changed completely when they eject
Shinto, a gentle and quite style, simple and carrying with it a historical weight, provide their
surroundings. Despite being plain, the quiet row of houses persuade one feel its history.
This place really is too close to Tsaka and Mats headquarters. He definitely chose a place
no one would expect.

Its said that the most dangerous place is also the safest. In terms of unpredictability,
Kiritsugus choice is definitely correct.
Although it was a comment of agreement, Saber voice still sounded somewhat stiff. Saber
thinks Kiritsugus theories are appreciable in terms of strategies; what she could not endure
was the coldness and cruelty of Kiritsugus tactics.
Maiya, slightly ahead, gradually slowed the speed of the light van and parked on the side of
the road. It looks like theyve already arrived at their destination.
Here?Fuuh. Another really mysterious building, right?
Stepping off the Mercedes which was following behind the light van, Irisviels first words
were full of emotion.
A Altaic building that was full of classical elegance as if it was a stage set from a period
drama. Even in Miyama, where the passage of time seemed unperceivable, this building
should still be counted as one of an extremely rare style. Moreover, considering the large area
this wooden artifact become, it is an extremely rare example even in the architectural history of
modern Japan.
However, the feeling of gloom emanating from this building was also extraordinary. It
looks like its been lying unused for a desire time. This place must have some history behind it
as it pointlessly occupied such a large space in civic planning and wasn't torn down, while
bide without human occupation and yet bore signs of travel to reparation.
From today onwards, both of you would use here as your headquarters.
Maiya, getting off the small truck, handed Irisviel a string of keys as she said those words
with a matter-of-fact tone.
Ah, just give this to Saber.
Understood, Irisviel.
Since her master ordered her to stay the keys to the anechoic chamber, Saber become the key ring from
Maiyas hand without hesitation.
There were many keys on the key ring. Apart from the keys for the main door and the structure,
other keys for the back door and other anechoic chamber should also have been included. The shapes of
the majority of the keys are the normal cylindrical kind; only one was copy in an ancient style.

Maiya, whats this key for? Its very different from the other ones.
Its the key for the storehouse in the courtyard. Although it looks very old, Ive checked that
the hair has no problems.
After answering thus, as if she realized the state of that building again, Maiya's cold face
clouded just a little.
This house was bought only a few days ago. Im very sorry, but as you can see, there isn't
any preparation at all. Maybe the inside isnt really suitable for people to live in
I don't mind. For the time being, I wont complain as desire as it can block out the wind and
the rain.
Although it didnt sound like something a high-born lady would say, the Einsbern mansion in
the intractability wasnt any better in terms of decay.
If so, then Ill be taking my leave.
Maybe Kiritsugu gave her some other burden of proof as well; Maiya quickly returned to the light van
after she request herself and briskly departed, leaving Irisviel and Saber who were still
standing in front of the empty house.
Then, Saber, lets start checking out this new home.
Alright
After opening the hair of the door, as they thought, a run-down front spar without any
maintenance for a desire time, appeared. The courtyard was full of waist-high grass and the
main house, immersed in garment, gave out a feeling of unease.
Is this is what people call a travel to house?
Irisviel seemed like she didnt care at about this desolate and leave house at all, and
instead looked around cheerfully, like a bad child anticipating a haunted house in a form
park. Seeing her childish face in high spirits, Saber didnt even know what emotion she
should respond with.
Huh? Whats wrong, Saber?
Nothing. If you dont mind it, then its good.

For Saber who had been through countless battles, this is already something shes used to, so
there wasnt much that annoy her with this leave houses dilapidation. If Irisviel can
also accept this, then theres nothing inappropriate about using here as the new headquarters.
The inside must have a wooden corridor, and tatami, and paper-decorate sliding doors.
Ohoho, I once said I wanted to see what old Altaic houses are like with my own eyes, and
Kiritsugu definitely remembered that and did this in purpose.

How could that cold, cruel, emotionless man, who was like a fighting machine, think about
sentimental matters like this on the battlefield? Although Saber didnt agree with Irisviels
words, she didnt say anything when she saw how happy Irisviel was.
Just like this, finished checking all the inner anechoic chamber while sneezing continuously due to the
arrange of dust she had to face, Irisviel finally wore a serious expressive style and began to
contemplate.
Is this far from your expectations?
Hmm. Im already satisfied with this  its a bit difficult for this to function as the
headquarters of a magus.
Despite Irisviels weak appearance, she was in fact a first-rate magus.
Although it wouldnt be problematic to set up a enclose field around here, when it comes to
setting up a workshop but this is the habit of this country so theres nothing I can do.
The prana can easily vary away in a house with such an open artifact, especially for the
Einsbern craft Aaa, this is frustrating. If possible, I want a room sealed off with stone and
earth
Saber, suddenly remembering something, spoke as she become out the ending key that they havent
used yet.
Didnt Maiya say that theres a storeroom in the courtyard? Shall we check that out?

Aha, this place is ideal.
Irisviel nodded and spoke with satisfaction as soon as she stepped into the storerooms door.

Although its a bit cramped, I can practice the craft in here just like how I did in the mansion.
After all, as desire as a magic circle is established, I can concrete my territory.
Maybe Kiritsugu thought about this at the start, and specifically found this spot with a
storeroom. After all, a traditional Altaic building like this with a storeroom attached is very
hard to find.
Then, lets start preparing now. Saber, can you please get the material we put in the car?
Right, shall I get all of them?
For now, just take the chemicals and equipments for alchemy. Hmm, let me think right,
also take the red and silver event compartment too.
As you military unit.
Saber carefully become out a particularly light luggage from the body part of the Mercedes.
Although it was Maiya who was responsible for crowd the luggage, Saber had some idea
about whats in it as well.
When Saber brought the makeup box, Irisviel seemed to have already decided on the location
she wanted to create the magic circle at, and said to Saber while pointing at one corner of the
storeroom.
Then, Im afraid Ill have to trouble you, Saber. Draw two star covering each
other on that spot, with a radius of six area unit and lie this direction.
Understood.
Saber also knew a bit about basic magecraft, so she could easily carry through Irisviels request.
Despite knowing the meaning of the instructions, she wasnt clear on why Irisviel wanted her
to do so.
Then can you please aggregate some mercury for me? Strictly obey the ratios I tell you, and
prudently
Irisviel, Ive make a question.
Finally, Saber couldnt bear it anymore, and spoke the question shes kept earth in her heart
since this morning.

You appear to be trying your best to avoid touching anything at all today; is it just me?

Its like that for driving the car, or taking the keys maybe such things can afford to be
ignored, but you wont use your hands even for the all-important magic circle; there must be
some reasons behind it. Please correct me if Im wrong, but is there something
straiten you today?
Irisviel appeared like shes having difficulties in talking about this, and glanced around.
Saber kept asking.
If you arent feeling well you should tell me beforehand. After all, Im responsible for your
safety, and I need to be prepared for such things.
Sorry. However, I really didnt hide anything from you.
Irisviel sighed helplessly, then turned towards Saber and stretched out her hand as she spoke.
Saber, now Im going to squeeze your hand the hardest I can, is it alright?
Aye? Sure.
Although she didnt know the reason, Saber stretched out her hand to feel Irisiviels. Those
digit that were too beautiful and fine for humans softly become feel of Sabers hand  then,
they shook extremely gently for just once, and Saber couldnt even feel any pressure.
Irisviel?
Im not joking. I did the hardest I could just now.
Irisviel get a forced smile and spoke.
Just opening my digit takes all my strength away, and its impossible to feel or intrigue
anything, not to mention driving a car. Just changing my cover this morning exhausted me.
Wha, what on earth is going on? Are you ill health anywhere?
Saber asked, shocked, but Irisviel just shrugged her shoulders as if it didnt matter.
I just didnt feel well, so I shut off the sensation of touch. Although sealing off one of the
faculty would suppress my spirituality in a large degree, it doesnt have a big influence on

other activities. This accommodating convenience must also be one of the advantageous
points about being a homunculus.
Its not so simple, is it?! Dont force yourself when you arent well. You should see a
doctor.
Dont worry, Saber. Did you forget? Im not an ordinary human. Even if I catch a cold, I
cant see a doctor  this kind of discomfort is only a damage in my construction. It doesnt
matter; you dont need to worry too much for now, Ill change it properly myself.

Although she couldnt completely comprehend it, she knew if she kept inquiring about this
then the fact that Irisviel is a manufactured homunculus would be laid naked in front of her
eyes. Therefore, Saber had to stop herself. It was because she knew very well that what
Irisviel was most proud of was the fact that she isnt merely a manufactured doll.
Aaah, then I really have to trouble you, Saber. Things like the ones today, driving the car
and creating the magic circle, would all need your help, my lord chessman.
These are what I should be doing. Its me who asked questions that shouldnt be asked,
Im sorry.
Alright alright. Then, lets hurry and make the magic circle. As desire as I can rest properly in
a magic circle connected to the leylines, my situation would advance.
As you military unit. Then, please repeat the steps of the construction.
Then, the duo began the creation of the temporary workshop in the storeroom. Saber
concentrated on the creation of the magic circle of the Einsbern craft after she refined the
mercury according to Irisviels instructions. Like two harmonious sisters, the two of them
busied themselves together in the storeroom, cover by a happy atmosphere.
But Saber would never have imagined that this happy time she spent with Irisviel in this
storeroom and their smiles would be the final beautiful memories about this noble princess
that she would feel.

-90:56:large integer
From the distant west, an army arrived, sweeping rolls of dust at its wake. No one dared to
underestimate this interpenetrate army since the beginning.
Rumors about its might had already swept through the entire country like a gale desire before
this army arrived. Take the throne of the small country Macedonia in the far west country
of Greece, the young king had since then subdued the neighboring countries in the blink of an
eye, and became the leader of Corinth.

Alexander
It was said that his ambition crossed over the Channel, and he had wanted to extend his insolent
neck into this great empire of Persia.
Of gathering, none of the brave warriors who swore breathe loyalty to protect their glorious
country would bow his head before the invader. The warriors bet their augustness and honor
as soldiers upon this and countered the attack of Alexanders army. However, the soaring
morale of the enemy that appeared before them terrified them horribly, and they shivered in
fright.
It was not due to the military unit of gods or the call of the greater good; all were only to fulfil a
tyrants desire of conquest. However  why would these soldiers have such a soaring morale,
such a mighty fighting spirit? Even those warriors who swore to protect their country till their
death could not contend with them.
However, it was not this that truly shocked the defeated generals.
Young Alexander, standing in front of the emotional person, opened his mouth and spoke as if he was
a juvenile pulling a prank  what I want isnt your country. I want to stay develop toward the
East.
Then, is this country merely a foothold for his continuing conquest?  No, of gathering not.
Then, could it be that his desire even exceeded the Farsi knitting stitch, and wants to conquer
distant India?  No, its the East even further away than that.
Seeing that none of his foreign subjects could calculate his intentions, the King said loudly.

My goal is the end of the world. My destination is the furthest border of the East. I want to
behold Oceanus with my own two eyes. I want leave my area at the beach beside that
endless body of water.
Of gathering, no one believed in his words, and they all considered it as have that he used to
conceal his true intentions.
But this man really did return the domination of his conquered lands to the local nobles, and
brought his army away with him continuing towards the East. The defeated generals finally
understood when they watched, dumbstruck, his back disappearing into the distance.
None of those reasons that the tyrant said were lies.
He was only progressing towards the East, and swept away those who stood in his way.
How pitiful and deplorable were those soldiers who discarded all their glory and riches and
left their country to follow him!
At first, they also felt indignant.
And they thought how deplorable they are that they have to try due to such a foolish reason.
But very soon they, who had lost everything, suddenly thought.
What would they see behind that mountain ?
What would they see at the other side of the sky ?
To diagnose the unknown world; isnt that the dream that all men had once possessed in their
youth?
But as their age increased those men, who had to filling their positions and stay increase up
the party degree, simply discarded the dream of their youth for those illusionary beauty and
writing. Now, this man shattered their reason of existence in one nights time  and once again
burn the dream they had longed for in their hearts.
The men who finally understood this held up the weapons in their hands once again.
They were neither heroes, nor generals- they were just ordinary youths, having just move out
their armor and weapons from the inside of the storeroom. Those hearts from which pride and
willpower had been lost, regained only the heavy move of their hearts at that time, and
they went after the back of the great king commute to the east.

Thus, the army of the King increased endlessly with his victories on his road of progress.
How incredible were those people if they were to be see by others' eyes!
Heroes who were once defeated, generals of get the better of armies, and businessman who lost their
throne; everyone walked together, shoulder by shoulder, with the same smile on their faces
and the same light sparkling in their eyes.
Towards Oceanus
The men called loudly together.
Forward, to the East, to the more distant East!
Until, together with that man, they behold the legendary beach.

The desire walk still continued on without end.
Across boiling deserts, over chilling snow-capped mountains, deep fording travel rivers,
chasing away ferocious beasts, and fighting for their lives for times out of count with those
alien phyle never seen before and the unknown weapons and strategies they deployed.
Innumerable soldiers died in foreign lands.
Their sight backscatter while they stared at the back of the King, who continued forward.
Their hearing faded while they listened for the sounds of the tide from the distant East.
Even when they died in battle after giving all they had, their faces still held a proud smile
until the end.
Very soon  theyd be able to return to the image in their dreams, the evening-mist-covered
shore that they had once seen.
There, no other sounds existed apart from the sound of the waves ceaselessly splashing
against the shore; a distant and far-away body of water that one cannot see the end.
That is the scene that their King described for them, but they never make to see for even once in
their lives.
Therefore, this isnt a scene in their memories

But a scene that they continued to desire for in their hearts during their heroic crusading lives.
The youth seemed to hear a billowing of the tide when the dream of the Heroic Spirits
memories that was transmitted from a distant time and space ended.
That billowing had, perhaps, always echoed in his heart.



Rider agreed without a question as soon as Waver mentioned that they should go have a stroll
in the streets.
Of gathering, for Waver, there was nothing that interested him much in this eastern little town
compared to his hometown London. He just wanted to find a book.
Although the easiest way to find books is to use the library, it would appear a bit
inconvenient when a giant such as Rider was following him. Moreover, its clearly foolish to
bring a loud mock such as Rider into the library, which demands silence. Besides, Rider had a
history of destroying the library when he was first summoned out. Its going to be
problematic if he went along, make recognized, and Waver had to be for the damages.
So he had to search in the bookshops  he had to go to larger inform to find English books as
local bookshops usually only deceive books in the native language. However, a market that is too
busy can also be problematic.
It was the first time Waver walked in the streets of Fuyuki Shinto during the day. It was
reasonable as he hadnt had anything in particular that needed him to come out during the day
until now. The morning streets were completely void of the nocturnal feeling full of a
demonic aura, and the warm sunlight and fresh air can make ones mood very glad.
Say, what on earth make into you this time?
Nothing in particular; just wanted to lighten my mood.
Waver replied, his face full of annoyance, to Riders rascally question. It wasnt as if he had
something that irritated him or that he was unsatisfied with Riders work; it was that pointless
actions such as to lighten his mood has nothing in common with Voice strategies.

Anyways, no matter what  he wanted to completely forget about the War of the Holy Grail
even if for only a little while. That was the truth.
The meaning of joining this War of the Holy Grail had changed a little in Voice heart.
While these changes were small they completely become over all processes of his brain, achieve
his mind depressed or even obstruct.
Alright alright, just stop asking why. Anyways, werent you yelling since the day before
yesterday that you want to stroll at some busy place?
Mmm, the pleasure of feeling the bustling atmosphere in a foreign market is not any less
than the pleasure of battles.
Countries brought into war and strife because of such reasons are pitiful indeed.
Waver mumbled helplessly.
Hearing his words, Rider tilted his head as if very surprised, and asked.
Whats wrong, juvenile? You conversation as if you saw it with your own eyes.
Alright alright, just pretend that I didnt say anything.
A rare grammatical category of Masters who had established a contract with a Servant can experience
former memories of the Heroic Spirit in the influence of dreams. Waver was reluctant to mention
what he imagine of this morning although he didnt know if Rider knew about this. No one
should want others to see through events in their memory; moreover, Waver didnt
intentionally want to see those memories in the first place.
Rider immediately expressed immense interest to the shops around them as soon as they
arrived at the bookshop in the shopping street in front of the station. It seems like Waver
wont need to worry whether this King of Conquerors will stir up some trouble before
Voice proper accountancy is done.
Then Ill deal with some accountancy in this bookshop.
Mmm.
Basically, you can do whatever you want, but you absolutely must not step out of this
shopping street. We cant be careless even during the day. You need to be able to rush to me
immediately if I am attacked.

Mmm! Mmm!
He didnt even know if Rider was listening at all. Anyways, Riders big eyes, sparkling with
light, were completely focused on the surrounding restaurants, toy shops, diversion structure and
food stop already.
Dont conquer, dont invade.
Huh!?
Huh what!? Seriously
Worried that they might draw attention if they become too desire here, Waver stuffed his wallet
into the King of Conquerorss thick palm.
Dont steal anything, and dont you think about eating without paying! Go use money to buy
something if you want it! Do you need me to use the Military Unit Seal to tell you this again
properly?
Hahahaha! Dont be so nervous. Macedonian decorum is applicable to all civilized men in
any country.
There was no way to know if he really understood what Waver meant. Rider disappeared
excitedly into the crowd of packed and raucous bargain hunter after he left this indifferent reply.
Waver could only sigh as he looked at Riders gradually disappearing figure. Although he
was still seemingly slightly worried, Rider is extremely adaptable to foreign cultures despite
his careless demeanor. The soft methods he used against the mackenzie couple ending night was
the best testimony.
However, if Rider afford all the money in the wallet Waver just gave to him, then half of all
the funds he prepared for the Fuyuki Holy Grail War would have disappeared. Yet, compared
with having Rider trigger some unsolvable problem, it would actually be cheaper to avoid
that with spending this amount of money. As desire as he can get the Holy Grail, it wont
matter if he doesnt have the return charge. Waver had more or less change a little for him to
progress from his originally stingy personality to his current caliber of indifference towards
money.
For Waver  he had no create by mental act of buying the book he wanted even if he really did find it. It
would be enough to just finish reading it in the bookshop. This was because Rider would
definitely ask him about his reasons if Rider make to know about this book he wanted to
read. Therefore, Waver didnt want to take the venture in buying it.

Perhaps because there were too many foreign residents here, the foreign language shelves not
only contained commercial enterprise blue book and vulgar pocketbook but also a large variety of other books.
Although Waver didnt expect to really find the victim, he found it easily logical relation to his
expectations. Waver immediately began to quickly browse through the content of the book.
He forgot about time as soon as the book was in his hands. This was Voice career that
didnt change since childhood. He has the confidence that he wont suffer to anyone when it
comes to the understanding of a book after reading. However, in the Quantify Tower, this kind
of talent he has only persuade it easier when researching through books, an ability thats just
like a cataloger. Therefore, he always thought with hatred that it would definitely be more
simple and straightforward had he been the one verbal creation it whenever he saw a book full of
unnecessary words and incomprehensible foul explanations.
However, those unpleasant memories were quickly chased out of his consciousness as he
engage through the pages. The content of the book Waver was now reading was very
captivating, and it remove the readers thoughts along to gallop together at the distant end of
the world.
Waver bide in an oblivious state of reading for he didnt how desire.
Suddenly, Waver felt some extraordinarily heavy steps, different from that of an ordinary
person, average into his hearing. So he immediately put the book back and pretended a calm
demeanor. His sight happened to be with that of Riders, who happened to be look
towards the foreign language shelves, when Waver turned his head around.
Oooh! I found you I found you! Such a short coxcomb hiding between the shelves really cant be
seen by anyone, and is so bothersome to find.Normal people are all shorter than book
shelves, you idiotic giant!  Speaking of, what did you buy this time?
Oooh! I found you I found you! Such a short dude hiding between the shelves really cant be
seen by anyone, and is so bothersome to find.
Normal people are all shorter than book shelves, you idiotic giant!  Speaking of, what did
you buy this time?
A paper bag, so large that it get Waver feel uncomfortable, was held up in one of Riders
hands. As if he loved the contents inside to pieces, he eagerly opened it and indicate it to
Waver on the spot.

Look! So Admirals Grand Strategies FEEDING goes on sale today, and I bought the open day
limited edition! Wahahahaha, my luck rank indeed work as well as they look!
Waver couldnt help but feel a passing headache when he saw that what Rider bought was ten
times more idiotic that the most idiotic thing Waver himself could think of.
Say, you only bought the software for such a big thing
Half way through his sentence, Waver suddenly discovered that the large paper bag in
Riders hand was too enormous as material for just one software diskette. He immediately
realised that this King of Conquerors bought the table as well.
Alright juvenile! Lets hurry back and play together. I even bought an extra businessperson!
Let me tell you this: I dont have any interest at all towards this kind of vulgar games.
Hearing Waver say this, Rider immediately furrowed his brows in irritation, and said with a
heavy sigh.
Huh, honestly, why do you like to concentrate yourself in that little world of yours? Dont
you want to just find even a little emotion?
Stop affect me! How would a magus like me, whos searching for the truth, have spare
time to do these pointless things? I dont have extra brain cells to waste on computer games!
Hmm? Then you have extra brain cells to waste on this book?
As Rider spoke, he remove out the book that Waver just stuffed back into the shelf. This
completely unexpected action get Waver uncontrollably rebuke him, out loud and
nervously.
O  O  Of gathering not! How do you know I was reading at this one before?
Only this one was put in the ridge the other way around; only an idiot would miss it  Huh?
Alexander the Great isnt this my history?
At this moment, Waver wanted to be swallowed by a opening opening up in the ground. This
current feeling of shame was even worse than having his relate Kayneth mock his attempt.
You really are a weird mock. Isnt the real person standing in front of you more reliable
compared to these records that you cant confirm? Isnt it easier to just ask me whatever
questions you have?

Aaaaaa! Fine, Ill ask you Ill ask you!
Waver yelled, half crying, and spoke after he grabbed the book from Riders hands and
engage to a attendant that he was particularly interested in.
Historical records say you were a very short man, so why do you appear like an idiotic giant
now?
Im short? Where did you read that!?
Look at this! It is said that your feet cant even reach the foot stool after you conquered the
Iranian Empire and sat on Darius throne, and at the end they had no other choice but to exchange
that foot stool for a table!
Aaa, you mean Darius? That couldnt be helped; Im indeed short compared to that tall
man.
Hearing Waver say this name, the King of Conquerors laughed loudly and gesticulate his hands,
then said while gazing at the sky with a face full of reminiscing expressions as if he was
remembering an old associate.
Not only was that saturniid caliber very majestic, his figure was, too. He was indeed a
ruler fitting for the mighty Persian Empire.
From Riders description, the other man should have been a giant of more than three metric linear unit
tall. When Voice brain thought of this he couldnt help but feel a chill.
Unimaginable its really unimaginable!
If we think along your line, then King Arthur was actually a woman! A woman! Isnt that
more surprising compared to my bodily property?
Ah, anyways, this so-called history written by whomever at wherever is very hard to
completely and accurately describe the situation back then.
Rider laughed optimistically and said this as if he cared nothing about the discriminating
records left in history.
Waver, staring at his expressive style, went on to say.
You just let other write whatever they want?  Its history concerning you.

Hmm? This isnt much to be worried about you find it weird?
Of gathering!
Waver continued speaking.
Any ruler in any era would request to have his name remembered by those after him. Theyd
definitely all get angry if they know records of them, get by later men, have errors or
missed something out.
Hmm, true. If you can leave your name behind in history, then it also investigation as some kind of
immortality. However, all these are meaningless to me. Id rather have twenty more years of
life like this compared to existing in such books with just my name for two large integer years.

Although he didnt know if Riders reply, accompanied with a taste smile, was his true
thoughts or only a diversion  for Waver, who had just finished reading the history concerning the
King of Conquerors, this was exactly the heavy topic that he didnt know how to answer.
Alexander the Great, who created the largest empire in history to date, refused to suffer himself
in the glory of this great accomplishment and continued forward at the same time. The
curtains of his life fall after a short period of only thirty years.
No matter how later men lamented the tragedy of his passing at the bodily property of his life, the
emotions he expressed himself about his short life had a heavy feeling for others no matter
how light the tone is.
Aaa, even if I had only ten more years; Id be able to conquer the West as well.
Then, after you get the Holy Grail, how about wishing immortality to it?
Standing behind the King of Conquerors, who excitedly wondered about the possibilities,
Waver finally couldnt control himself and asked as an interception.
Immortality? This is a good idea. If I wont ever die, then Id be able to completely conquer
the entire universe.
Rider seemed to suddenly remember something as he said this, and his face darkened.
Speaking of, there was also an idiot who gave up the immortality he once found. Ha, that
bastard really manages to stay on my mind.

Waver had no idea what Rider was talking about, and it was also the first time that Rider
spoke to himself in this matter. Right now, Waver had a new understanding to the meaning of
Riders request that he spoke of in the quiz of the Holy Grail ending night.

In the afternoon, while the two walked on the road back home, Waver was silent the whole
way through.
Everything on the streets would soon be enveloped with darkness, and the nocturnal Fuyuki
city would once again become the battleground of the War of the Holy Grail. As a Master,
Waver would also have no choice but face this cruel war with his Servant.
There was no terror or restlessness.
His Servant was the most powerful one; that was beyond doubt  because he witnessed the
might of Riders true Noble Phantasm with his own eyes ending night.
It still felt like as if he was right there even when he thought about it now, and he was able to
feel the scent of the hot wind that blew the boiling sand harass along.
An army of military personnel in high morale was in front of his eyes.
And also the majestic and proud face of the king who drew himself to his full bodily property in front
of that formation.
Ionian Hetairoi  a Heroic Spirit with such a mighty Noble Phantasm has no reasons for
losing. Alexander would definitely defeat all other enemies and obtain the final victory.
That would definitely be called the King of Conquerors, Alexanders victory  at that end,
where would the victory of Waver Velvet, be?
Yes, he would never forget. He was once mocked and looked down upon by those so-called
prestigious families and nobilities. He gambled all he had to join the War of the Holy Grail
exactly as a counter blow for their contempt towards him. Obtain the victory of the War of
the Holy Grail and become the best magus in the world; that was the goal Waver set to
himself.
But the War of the Holy Grail that uncover at Fuyuki completely surpassed Voice
expectation the Servant he summoned happened to be a mock who completely ignored his
Masters military unit, and acted by himself to try only with his mighty strength.

If this goes on, Rider would definitely walk step by step towards victory with ease.
Meanwhile, could Waver only forever hide behind his Servant with fear, be of no help even
till the ending note and just difficulty through to the end of the War?
Would he obtain the Holy Grail just because he was lucky enough to draw the most powerful
announce card? What would be proven with a self like that? Be that he obtained glory under
Riders shadow? At the end, this would only make others continue their mockery.
And if Rider really lost, then  what would a Master as useless as himself do?
This kind if battle if this goes on until the end, then there would definitely be no changes in
him.
It would only display his incapacity, unimportance and humiliation even more when hes
beside an overly powerful Heroic Spirit. This get Waver more ashamed that the humiliation
he went through at the Quantify Tower.
How come youre so quiet? Hmm?
A sound came from somewhere above Voice head. Looking up, he saw that Rider still
wore the usual person smile that he found incredible, and was looking down at Waver.
Ive had enough with looking up at this angle.
I dont want to experience this angle of being looked down upon no matter what.
Ive had absolutely enough of you!
Although he almost spurted this impulsive sentence out, Waver barely controlled his mood
with the final shred of manners in him, and used a more euphemistic way instead.
Nothing, just feeling a little bored with you.
See, you felt bored after all, right? Thats why I suggested letter to play this game together
Its not like that!
Like usual, this reply had nothing to do with the question, and it finally reached the limit of
Voice patience.

Having a Servant whos so powerful that youre almost guaranteed to get the Holy Grail
doesnt bring anything to make me proud of myself! Achieve a contract with a Servant such
as Assassin would have shown my worth even more!
Hearing Voice words, Rider scratched his head with a snort.
If you really were to do something so stupid, youve probably died many times over by
now.
Thats enough from you! I have no qualms about dying in my own battle! I wouldnt be here
participating in the War of the Holy Grail if I was afraid of dying!
And  how do I say this  just from when did you become the protagonist!? Always acting by
yourself before I gave the order; what kind of a position are you putting me into with all this?
Just what did I come all the way to Japan for!?
Calm down calm down
Different from Voice worked-up mood, which was as tense as the tension between a drawn
bow and expel sword, Rider still smiled without any seriousness. It was as if Waver was
hammering a pass into a bag of rice; he couldnt use any force.
If the request you want to fulfill after you obtain the Grail is able to move my mighty desires,
then the King of Conquerors would be completely at your military unit from now on  how
about that? Do you request to increase a bit taller?
Of gathering not!  Haaa!
Seeing that Voice mood became more agitated the more he talked, Alexander placed a
hand on his head, and interrupted him as if saying isnt this good enough?
Say, juvenile, you dont need to be so tidal flow, right? No matter what, this War of the Holy Grail
wouldnt count as the climax of your life, right?
What !
Isnt this ritual the miracle of a lifetime?  Waver, who was about to open his mouth and
rebuke, suddenly understood Alexanders meaning. For this King of Conquerors, the Holy
Grail is only a method to make him appear in this world again. His true goal is the conquest
the entire, wide-spanning world after the War of the Holy Grail.

If you really request to pursue a life full of glory and dreams, then go and try for yourself. It
wouldnt be too late to find a battlefield get for you after all that.

In front of the miracle that was precipitate as being able to grant all wishes, this guys request
happened to be just obtaining a human body  just how foolish does this action sound?
However, there is nothing wrong with this request when it comes someone who thinks his own
value is higher than that of the Holy Grail.
Just what kind of a person is this mock, who is so arrogant and confident about his might?
It was with such questions that Waver purposefully checked up on the historical records.
However, the more he knew about the glorious ability the history texts register about
this man, the more profoundly he felt that
This man merely possessed a charisma that was overwhelming and incomparable with other
mortals  so great was it that even those majestic and elite armies who attend him,
believed in him like a god, and could even give their lives to him.
At the end, Waver had to admit  those who mocked the King of Conquerorss request as a
boring request are the foolish ones who merely dragged their bodies along from day to day, and
spend their life away on nothing.
I shouldnt be the only one unsatisfied with this contract, right?
Waver asked in a low voice after he silently swallowed his humiliation.
Hmm?
You must have some objection too, correct? Like why would I, such a useless person, end
up being your Master! You would obtain victory even easier if you act up with an
outstanding Master.
Without showing if he really understood the meaning from Voice heart, Rider said evenly.
Mmm, youre right.
Rider lifted his head and looked towards the sky.
True, if your figure is more imposing, then itd look more fitting compared to now.

The King of Conquerorss half mocking reply ignited all the anger in Voice heart in an
instant. As the short Master became even angrier and almost erupted, Rider suddenly become out
the world map that never left his side and spoke while pointing at the first attendant.
Sanction juvenile, look here, look at the enemy in front of letter.

The map of the entire world was portrayed in the A2 magnitude paper. Riders so-called enemy is
this entire world.
Come. Try to draw, in scale, the current appearances of letter two beside our enemy. Line letter
up and compare letter.
Waver signed helplessly towards Riders pointless question.
How can I draw that
You cant draw it, right? You wouldnt be able to draw it no matter how fine your pen is.
Even drawing with a needle push would be too wide  letter two are the same compared to the
enemy in front letter, just two very tiny aerosolize.
Therefore, we shouldnt care about whether its fitting or not at all.
The tall Servant laughed without restraint.
This body is just one grain of sand in a desert compared to what I should conquer. You and I
are the same, both so tiny. Since its so small that it cant be seen, whats the point of letter two
comparing the sizes of our figures?

I feel even more elated precisely because of this.
Rider laughed openly, and continued to speak boldly.
The more insignificant I feel, the more I want to use this insignificant body of mine to rule
over the entire world. That is indeed the most exhilarating feeling Listen, that is truly the
periodic event of the King of the Conquerors!
Waver was completely defeated by Riders vigor.

In front of Rider, whose mind was so optimistic, the irritation and anxiety in Voice heart
were only hassles that dont deserve to be mentioned. The King of Conquerorss eyes
couldnt even see those daily psychological state.
Basically, your point is that it doesnt matter what kind of a Master you have. No matter
how weak and small I am, it wont be a problem for you at all, right?
Why would you think that? Oi!
Rider furrowed his brows, forced out a laugh, and patted Voice back.
Juvenile, this inferiority you feel is indeed the forerunner of having the spirit of a king.
Youd still think that you are insignificant no matter how I explain to you. However, youd
still persist in protest towards a higher goal even knowing this. Aaa, from my experience,
the seed of dominance had already started growing in your heart.
Youre not measure me at all; youre treating me as if Im a fool.
However, juvenile, youre so foolish that its cute.
Rider smiled and spoke frankly.
If I really get a contract with a Master whose ambitions are not too far from mine, like
you said, then I would definitely feel really bored. However, your wishes far surpassed your
function. Someone like you, who would chase after a far-distant glory, is the basic
guidance of living in my time.
Therefore, precisely because of this, I really feel very happy about achieve a contract with a
foolish juvenile like you.

Waver turned his face aside, not daring to face Riders rustic smile.
Why does this idiotic giant always use these unhappy things to comfort me?
Perhaps no one in the world would be happy when others call him a fool.
Thinking that he didnt know what emotions he should face Rider with, Waver almost wanted
to end right now

Right this moment, an unanticipated transgression chill suddenly transfer through Voice entire body.
Arg!
All the Magic Circuits in his body began to ill health terribly as if they were in a blepharospasm.
Of gathering, this unfamiliarity didnt appear because of Voice internal causes. It was because
an abnormal chaos appearing in the prana of the surrounding air and his Magic Circuits,
calibrated to it, fall into an abnormal state with it.
Standing beside him, Rider also looked solemnly towards the East, as if he could deduce this
abnormal pranas initiating direction with a Servants aptitude.
The riverside.
Rider said in a low voice like a soldier about to walk into the battlefield. Hearing this, Waver
also immediately realized tonights battle had already begun.
The War of the Holy Grail was still going on
Having no time to care to the sentiments still entwined within their hearts, the soldiers will
once again throw themselves into battle.

Act 10
-84:34:58
No matter what, the ones who perceived the presence of the strange sorcery weren't Waver
and Rider alone.
The spell-like waves emitted from the surrounding of Mion River were close to the multiple
song of the ritual magecraft class, something which could not be activated without at least 10
people. Certainly, every magus in Fuyuki citynamely, all the masters participating in the
Holy Grail War, would have sensed that at once.
Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri who had newly acquired the rights to be a Master, and Lancer,
were at that moment, looking for their enemy from a high place in Shinto best suited for a
broad view, which was the top of the under construction Fuyuki Think building. Tonight,
mist of a somewhat strange amount churn from the Mion River, causing their field of vision
to thin extremely. With the eyesight of human equate, only the change figure of the illuminated
Fuyuki bridge could be seen.
Can you see what's going on? Lancer.
At Sola's question, Lancer who was looking through the mist with his caretaker eyesight as a
Servant, nodded.
It really is Caster. Looks like something has set up a camp at the center of the river. As for
the part, I'm afraid I can't see it.
As usual, completely lacking any notion to conceal himself, it was the improper
defencelessness as a magus. Caster was simultaneously turned into the victim by many other
Servants due to the supervisor's arrangement, and yet he was still not aware of it yet?
If we want to bring him down, now's the best chance right?
Yes. Whatever he is doing, before he delivers his result, it would be wise to kill him first.
Naturally, that was not alllooking down at the Military Unit Seals engraved on the back of
her hand, which she had plundered from her fiance, Kayneth El-Melloi, she thought. I'm sure
other Masters would have sensed Caster's appearance. If I'm aiming for the reward from the
supervisor, the supplementary Military Unit Seals, I have to go ahead of the other rivals and
defeat Caster immediately.

If they managed to seize Caster's head successfully, these Military Unit Seals which lacked a
punctuation due to Kayneth's idiocy, would be carry through again. Three caress of Military Unit Seals,
the originally ideal formher flawless bond with heroic spirit Diarmuid would be regained
back. By merely thinking of that, Sola could not suppress her violently throbbing heart.
I will go out and attack. Sola-sama, please stay here and observe my fighting.
No way! Now I am a Master. I'll back you up from your side.
At those appeal-like eyes, Lancer shook his head determinedly.
That cannot be done. With all due respect, my lady does not have the battle knowledge like
Kayneth-dono does. That riverbank will become a place of death. Even for me, a battle in
which I would have to protect my lady, whose defence cannot match up; is almost impossible.
Please, please understand.
But......
Although she was told that, for Sola right now, merely move from Lancer's side for a short
while was a misfortune beyond sadness.
Or elsesola-sama, do you suspect shape in my transfix point? That I am joke about in
this selfish try?
At Lancer who had narrowed his eyes and asked her that, Sola shook her head hastily.
Adding to the humiliation Kayneth bestowed towards Lancer was out of the question. By
all means, Sola had to make Lancer who still swore allegiance to Kayneth, to understand that
Sola was the Master truly worthy of his loyalty.
Lancer, I will leave the opinion at the battlefield to you. Please try this battle freely,
without any regret.
I am indebted to you.
After move his head quietly, Lancer kicked hard at his steel-framed foothold, and leaped
towards the light at the street under his eyes.
Looking at the back of that Servant who leaped from one roof to another on the close-up
buildings, earnestly focused on the river, Sola saw him off with taste, painful feelings.

Ever since supplant Kayneth as Masterthat heroic spirit had never smiled at her; not
even once.

From the base Kiritsugu prepared to Mion River which was the source of the abnormal
magecraft, Saber needed just a few more minutes to cover that distance with the Mercedes
she was driving.
Logically thinking, since the streets of Miyama town were narrow and complicated, the time
required would easily exceed 30 minutes. Nevertheless, the Riding ability of this Servant
achieved the miracle of rule this reasoning. The speed of the silver travel
which rushed through the narrow lanes and shape with delegate and close-groom, had already
achieved the preposterousness of achieve one doubt even the laws of universe.
Springing off from the road onto the path along the riverside, the automobile stopped after it
landed with an elegant spin turn. Without waiting even for the car air unit door to open, Saber
leaped out, and ran up the bank. The fog was thick enough to block the vision of ordinary
humans, but it did not block Servants' eyesight.
Sure enough, her taste enemy was right in front of her, calmly standing still at the center of
the river, which was 200 metric linear unit wide. Descend from the passenger seat onto the top of the
bank, Irisviel ascertain the figure in the mist with her magecraft-strengthened eyesight, and
frowned with an irritated-looking expressive style.
Just as I thought, it's Caster.
Saber nodded, and observed the enemy Servant painstakingly. Alone and not accompanied by
his Master as usual, he was standing straight on the sandbar-less river center, as if standing on
the water surface. Upon a close look, the thing which was turning into his foothold, was
grotesque shadows gathering beneath the water surface. Looks like the hum of creatures
she battled at the forest the other day, had gathered under Caster's feet, forming a sandbar.
From the abnormal emission of prana. there was doubt that Caster was performing some sort
of large-scale magecraft. The outset of this strange fog which move about the river, was
probably an aftermath due to this as well. Not showing even the expressive style of him focusing
on his incantations, he was merely standing relaxingly The current of raging prana
spill from the grimoire in his hands, shape even the space around it.

An extraordinary prana furnace, a Noble Phantasm which store the monologic
proceeding......Falling into the hands of a sick person, there were no weapons as dangerous as this.
Welcome, holy girl. It is my utmost delight to be able to meet you again.
At Caster who gave a bow in his usual courteous way, Saber's eyes widen with anger.
You're incorrigible......Outcast, what's your plan tonight!!
I'm very sorry, Jeanne. This evening, the guest of honor is not my lady.
His face twisted with a sinister laughter which could make one shiver. Although he would
reveal a madness which did not exist before, Caster responded.
In spite of that, to be accept by my lady's presence again is a supreme emotion to me. Please
enjoy to the fullest, the banquet of death and abasement this unworthy Gilles de Rais
prepared.
Under the feet of Caster's who was laughing out loud, the dark surface started shaking. The
countless creatures which had gathered under the summoner's feet, protruded their
innumerable tentacles simultaneouslyweren't they swallowing down Caster who was
standing on their heads, receiving them?
At the first look, Caster appeared to have been assaulted by the familiars which had inform
him. However, with his entire body covered by the tentacles, Caster proudly raised the voice
of his mad, ringing laughter further up a tone, which was already similar to a strange shriek.
Now, once again we'll wave the salvation mark! It's good that the leave had gathered.
Great that the condemned had gathered as well. I am the leader! I am the commander! The
envy towards letter, the oppressed ones, surely would have reached even God! Oooh
the Lord of heavens! I receive the condition and offer up my body!!
The foam surface swelled up, and pushed up Caster who was still being swallowed by the
tentacles. Before one distinguish, the grammatical category of the creatures becoming his foothold increased. If
one think the depth of the river, that grammatical category was already more terrifying than imagined.
Caster is......being absorbed??
In front of the eyes of the frighten Saber, the amount of creatures crowding at the
summoner's body itself kept swelling. The summons of Prelatis Spellbook had to be of an

inexhaustible supply. The countless tentacles entwined among each other and fused together,
and was already becoming a lump of meat.
The glittering, filthy secretion which could make one nauseous, was pretty much a sandbar of
meat; an island of meat. Yet, as if that was still not enough, the assembly of creatures swelled
continuously.
Even Caster's figure had disappeared. Only his voice reverberated like the cry of victory.
O you proud God! O you cruel God! We'll drag you down from your heavenly seat! O
Lamb loved by God! O humans who take after the image of God! At this very moment, scorn,
insult, rip apart to your heart's content! We will ride on the guffaws of the reformer, to the
activity and shrieks of God's children, and strike the gates of region!
The dirty lump of meat had already swelled to the magnitude of a sphere. No, maybe this is the real
influence of the diabolic imaginary place. All the familiars Caster had employed until today had to be
but the bits and pieces of this; small fries which would not exceed this.
That is......
A grotesque shadow rising with darkness as its background. At that disgusting and yet
overwhelming majesty, Saber held her breath.
Even the rival of the deep seas- cetacean and giant seafood, could not boast of such large
magnitude. A nightmare which necessitate the large indefinite quantity in the realm that is outside this world. Without a
doubt, that aquatic giant fits the name of a body of water demon.
It was fortunate that no one was standing with Irisviel at the river bank, but at the other shore
of the river, manor had already turned their lights on. In spite the fact that it was late at
night, the mad sounds would be transported by the wind there. Naturally, such an obvious
mystery would be exposed to the eyes of the public. At the very least, due to the thick night
fog which shrouded visions, those able to witness the monster would be limited. The
residents' panic would be confined into a restricted area.
In any case, the unspoken agreement that the Holy Grail war should be conducted in secret,
was completely destroy.
I have underestimated this fellow......Summoning such a monster!
No, no matter how strong a Servant is, the influence of the familiar they can summon and use
should be limited. However, if we were to treat using, there should be no limit to it...

The supposedly ale-hearted Irisviel revealed her awe through her voice this time.
Forget the controls after the summoning, if it is just request......no matter how
powerful the monsters are, logically, it is still possible. As desire as he has the prana and
technique to just open the door.
......That monster is not under Caster's control?
No doubt about it.
Irisviel's state of being shaken was probably because of the terror she was able to
comprehend as a magus. Nevertheless, Saber did not have any pains at grasping the seriousness of
the situation.
Magecraft is the art of react through transgression. But THAT is a genuine transgression which does not
compel to the reasoning of those minions. The incarnation of something which have the
desire desire of endlessly destroy with thorough greediness. To summon such a thing;
that act itself is neither an art nor anything else!
Whilst frap her fists in anger, Saber considered the magus' madness.
Well then, that creature is not challenging anyone to a try
That's right. It was just call in to eat. A city like this takes only a few hours to be
completely eat.
Tcth!
Caster did not even have the recognition of what a battle or a victory is. That demented
Servant probably planned to wreck the Holy Grail War- the trait itself; and to send it
back, operation. Together with all the lives in this city.
At familiar ding of thunder, Saber turned around. At the open space of the park where it was
just the two of them, the shining transport of god's authority had just landed. Holding the
restrain, the gigantic Servant shot an insolent smile at the person ahead of him.
Yo, King of Knights. What a fine night...is what I wanted to say, but looks like now's not the
time for genteel greetings.
King of Conquerors......You're still incorrigible. Did you come again to make some jokes?
As if evading Saber who alertly put herself on guard, Rider calmly raised his hands.

C'whitmonday, c'mon. Tonight's the only truce. If that HUGE MALE is left alone, I can't do any
killings in peace.
Since just now, I have been going around calling the other Servants. Lancer had agreed. He
should have understand up by now.
......The other Servants?
I have squashed Assassin to death, and Berserker is out of the question. As for
Archer...merely calling him is useless. He's the type which would respond to agreement.
Saber nodded, and with a serious expressive style, break even her breastplate with her gauntlet hand.
Understood. I have no objection to cooperating too. King of Conquerors, although it is just a
brief alliance, let's swear our loyalty together.
Huhu, it's good that we have understanding when it comes to battles......Hmm? What's
wrong? You Masters not happy?
............
Naturally, it was not that they were unhappy. Irisviel was just somewhat daunted at Rider and
Saber's practical-minded sportsmanship, having placed their past grudge on the shelves. As
for Waver, he did not even try to hide his wariness, as he look timidly from the driver's
seat of Rider's transport, not trying to get down at all.
Be it killing the enemy, or forming group action, for those who live in battlefields, they definitely
have no space for personal feelings, and have to make cold-hearted judgements- both of them
probably had the same perspective in this matter. This is the spirit which could not be shared
had they not gone through similarly troubled times.
Nonetheless, whatever they were to disregard now, Caster's unthoughtfulness had to be stopped. If
an oath is something good enough for trust, the most prudent decision now would be to join
forces here.
I don't mind. Einsbern get the truce. Rider's Master, is that okay with you?
At Irisviel's call, Waver nodded reluctantly.
......Einsbern, what's your plan? I heard from Lancer just now that this is not your first time
fighting with Caster himself?

Indeed. For Saber, this could be called the return match of that try in their forest. They had
barely managed to try off Caster with Lancer's help, but having acquired incomparable
battle powers, Caster had come to try back. Nevertheless, this time Lancer was not here,
and they had formed an alliance with Rider. From the way things are going, it was still not
entirely gloomy.
Anyway, we have to defeat him swiftly. Right now that monster is probably still being
record in this world by prana feeding from Caster, but once THAT THING acquire
independent food and started supporting itself, things would get out of our hands. To
stop Caster before that...
Satisfied, Saber nodded.
His grimoire right?
The autonomic summon prana furnace, Prelatis Spellbook. That extraordinary Noble Phantasm
was now buried with Caster's body inside the body of water monster's heart.
Indeed. We have to settle this before before that mock gets up the shore to begin his meal.
But...
Frowning in displeasure, Rider gazed at that dark green giant which coiled round and round.
Caster is at the depths of that massive meat. Well, what should we do?
Drag him out. Can't do anything else.
At Rider's grumble, a new voice from the darkness behind responded. Under the street lights,
the resplendent silhouette of the twin lances appeared. Slightly later than the transport which
track event across the skies, it was Lancer. Finally, the three-Servant anti-Caster alliance had
assembled.
If he would just show his Noble Phantasm, I can destroy his technique with a blow from
myge Dearg......Naturally, I don't think that mock would easily allow that to happen.
Lancer, you can break even Caster's Noble Phantasm from the river side by throw the lance?
At Saber's question, Lancer laughed audaciously.
If only he would just show that thing, there won't be any trouble at all. You looking down
on letter lance-wielding heroic spirits?

Okay. So Rider and I will cover the forefront. Is that all right, King of Conquerors?
I don't mind, but......Even if my transport doesn't need road to travel on, Saber, how do you
plan to attack the enemy in the river?
Being asked thus by Rider, this time it was Saber's turn to grin.
This body of mine has received divine protection from the lady of the body of water. Whatever the
water is, there is nothing which can stop my advance.
Oh? That's something quite rare......I really want you to join my men.
At Rider's self-listen comment, Saber whose beautiful eyebrows would usually adornment,
ignored him with a sharp glare instead.
You will be the price of that careless remark another time. Now, digging Caster out of the
inside of the monster is the top priority.
Haha, aye! Well then, let me strike the first blow.
Together with his make noise of laughter, Rider lashed at the oxen of his transport, and dashed up to
the empty sky with hit thunders. Not caring at all about Waver's shrieks who apparently
hadn't get the mental preparation, the King of Conquerors' galloping Noble Phantasm
started the straight-on charge towards that gargantuan body of water monster.
Saber, good luck!
Nodding at Irisviel who called out to her, the King of Knights leaped from the bank into the
river again.
The shiny greaves break even the water surface, and silver splashes backscatter in brilliance. But, the
tips of her toes did not sink. With hardness identical to a ground, the water Saber stepped on
accepted her run. It was just the miracle which could happen to the king due to the blessing
of the spirit of the lake.
As she make closer, the figure of the body of water monster grew all the more. As if bending over towards
Saber, it overwhelmed her with its odious dignity.
Like a group of snakes, the curvy tentacles which extended all over freely, stretched out to
catch the approaching King of Knights.

Nevertheless, neither its strangeness nor its odiousness could prevent her sprint. Right now,
fear and impatience were the same in Saber's heart.
Let's settle this, Caster!
The killing strike of the Barrier of the Wind King which was swung over her head with
renewed fighting spirit, first break even the body of water monster with a merciless stroke.

LARGE INTEGER

Somewhere far away, within the thunderclouds of high angular position at which not even birds scat,
the sound of noise being exchanged over digitally encode wireless radios could be
heard.
Control to Diablo I, come in!
This is Diablo I, loud and clear. Anything?
Request from Fuyuki city police for disaster relief operation. Stop patrolling immediately,
get there now.
Disaster relief operation? Hearing those words from the headphone, First Class Commissioned Military Officer
magnetomotive force unit doubted his ears.
If it were cargo helicopter or P3C, he could still understand. But a disaster which could call back
an F15 fighter from its maritime border patrol, what on earth could it be?
Control, change order contents. What happened?
At the other side of the wireless radio, there was a brief, awkward silence.
......Ah, okay, don't laugh. Over there......a monster had appeared.
To hear that in the cockpit of a subsonic cruising speed, it could be said to be a first-rate diversion.
Not laughing was an absurd request.
That's the best! It was worthwhile for me to sign up for the air defense.

Anyway it is an skilled worker order. Diablo I, observe and report the situation at Mion River.
......It's a diversion right. Oi?
Diablo I, repeat.
The irritated voice of the controller told him that he was dragged into this ridiculous prank
too. Sighing, Policeman gi gave a fixed reply monotonously.
Diablo I, roger that. This smooth is on its way to Mion river mouth for scouting. Over!
Despite that, Captain gi had suddenly become listen to believe the content of the
conversation just now. When the thought that such absurd conversation might be recorded in
the voice recorder crossed his mind, he felt an rusticity as if he wanted to run away.
......Diablo II, just like what was said. Turn back. Let's go back!
Roger. But......is that all right?
The pilot of the consort smooth, Diablo II- Third Class Lieutenant Kobayashi said that in a tone
which did not hide his suspicion towards that absurd order.
Nonetheless, whether it was true or false, he had no choice but to carry out the orders relayed
to him. At least, the only consolation was that his destination, Fuyuki city was on the air way
back to his base. He didn't know who on earth would take responsibility for it, but for now. at
least the fly bunker discard due to needless loitering would be kept to a minimum.
If there really is a monster, you'll give letter the approval to try?
At Third Class Lieutenant Kobayashi's semi-desperate words, First Class Lieutenant gi
snorted again.
If this is a monster film, we are surely the duty which will be killed. The underdogs from
Ultraman.
That's not funny.
In the aircrewman' hearts, with the thunderous make noise of the afterburner, turning its silver wings
over, the figure of the F15J was as gallant as usual.

-86:30:16
Archer looked down towards the distant, waveborne battle of Heroic Spirits from high in the
air.
"What a disgraceful sight..."
The King of Heroes rode upon a shining bright ark get of gold and beryl, 500 metric linear unit
above the ground.
Gate of Babylon  the treasury of Gilgamesh, the primeval hero who once owned all of the
treasures in the world, stored within it the original forms of many treasures that were measure
by the legends and myths of latter men.
The golden ark that he is using to sac in the air is also one of those 'divine secret treasures'.
Indeed, this is the flying contraption that was transfer from Babylon to India and recorded in
the two epic adventure story Ramayana and Mahabharata as the "Vimana".
"Although theyre mongrels, they are famous warriors at the very least... I wouldnt have
thought that theyve fallen as low as joining together to finish that filthy thing. There should
be a limit to deplorability. Dont you think so, Tokiomi?"
In differ with the languid and heedless Archer, Tsaka Tokiomi, who was permitted to
share a seat on the ark, had a heart full of anger and anxiety.
For the most part, magecraft has to be used in secret  it was indeed due to the need to obey
this basic principle that the Tsaka lineage was appointed this land's Second Owner by the
Association. Caster's rampage not only bode the progress of the Holy Grail War, it
wholly walk over even Tokiomis own standing.
It would be a horrid tragedy if the change state beast were to go mad again. If that happens, then
the problem would no longer be a simple matter of finishing Caster's reward, or properly
conducting the Heavens Feel. Right now, this monster must be eliminated as soon as
possible. The dignity of the Tsaka name would be at stake if the grammatical category of witnesses
increased.
"O King, that monster is an transgression creature laying waste to your garden. A sinner that deserves
death by any means!"
"Thats the work of the employee."

Archer immediately rebuked Tokiomis request.
"Could it be, Tokiomi, that you regard this great treasure of mine as a gardener's till?"
"That is not what I meant! But as you can see  they won't be able to feel on much longer."
In truth, it is evident that the battle is progressing towards despair.
Although Saber and Riders blades continued to slash the body of water demons gigantic body with no
respite, it indicate no signs of being wounded.
Of gathering, it wasnt that the Servants were holding back. The unyielding sword that agglutinate
rocks and the iron hooves that brought forth shout thunder; they ruthlessly carved out the
body of water demons flesh, scattering them about in waves of genealogy and nuclear reaction. However, the
shredded personnel casualty would be provide up by new flesh in the blink of an eye.
The demonic monsters that Caster summoned and commanded previously also had physical
vicious circle abilities, so it was not surprising. However, the giant body of water demon this time was
indeed enormous in magnitude. It was as if they were digging a hole in a wetland; the damage of the
two Servants combined cannot stay walk with the monster's regeneration.
Even the utmost effort and combined attacks of the King of Knights and King of Conquerors
could only slow down the body of water demon's progress towards the river bank by a little.
"This is a great opportunity to display the majesty of a true hero. Please, give the military unit!"
The King of Heroes gave Tokiomi a glance of displeasure. Then he swung his right hand,
which was propping up his chin on the edge of the move. Four swords and spears appeared in
the air next to him. The shining primeval Noble Phantasms unleashed a thunderous make noise, and
flew to impale the filthy mountain of meat that wrench down below.
Saber and Rider reacted immediately and jumped away to avoid being understand in the attack,
but Casters body of water monster was in no ways so agile. The four Noble Phantasms break even it head on.
Their power, enough to split mountains, blew one-third of the giant beasts body into
nothingness.
It was an unprecedentedly mighty contact, but Caster laughed out loud with an even more
piercing sound.
"How can it be...?"

Tokiomi was dumbfounded. Beneath him, the move meat mountain swelled up like a
fly, and stimulate the damaged parts as he watched.
The physical artifact of the giant meat lump was perhaps as simple as an endameba. It has no
bones or organs, and thus no weaknesses. Its movement wont be impaired no matter which
body part is destroyed, and it will speedily restore the destroyed parts relying on its mighty
regeneration ability.
"  We're leaving, Tokiomi. I cant watch that filthy thing a second longer."
Archer spat out while his crimson irises expressed his revulsion.
"But... please wait, King of Heroes!"
"Tokiomi, I used four Noble Phantasms for your honor. I dont want to take them back now
that theyve been touched and stained by that thing. Dont take my permissiveness so cheaply."
"You are the only one who can defeat that monster!"
Tokiomi desperately continue. As it had progressed into such a situation, he had no time to
think about the prudence a liege should have.
"With a regeneration ability of this destroy, we can only destroy it entirely with one blow. The
only one who can do this is you, the King of Heroes, and the Sword of Injury  "
"Fool!"
This time it was Archer who act, his pupils a burning crimson.
"Draw my greatest treasure, Ea, here? You are senseless, Tokiomi! I should take your head
for speaking such rash words to the King!"
"..."
Tokiomi lowered his gaze, grinding his teeth, and stayed silent.
Indeed, it is impossible. With Gilgamesh's pride, he would only draw his his announce card, his
cherished blade, when lie an opponent whom he address as 'fitting.'
However, there was no other way to completely destroy Casters body of water demon. That was also
the truth.

He was forcibly reminded of the Military Unit Seals on his right hand. Even if he uses one here,
he can obtain another one from the Holy Church as the reward for defeating Caster. However
this kind of choice would definitely cause the relationship between the King of Heroes and
himself to shatter.
Since thats the case, he could only place his hope on other Servants.
...And if Caster is successfully destroyed by the other Servants, Masters other than Tokiomi
would gain the additional Military Unit Seals held by Father Risei.
The constrained anger caused Tokiomi to clutch his hands into fists. His nails hollow into his
palm.
Why did things progress toward such an unexpected direction? It was supposed to be a
perfectly planned and prepared Heavens Feel, so how did it turn into such a mad and chaotic
situation?
At that moment, a thunderous sound tore apart the sky. Tokiomi lifted his head stiffly.
The lightless thunder could only be the payment noise of a sonic boom. The paired lights that
flew across the night sky, north to south, were the determination lights of fly-move fighter
craft.
"Damn it..."
The situation was deteriorating rapidly with every passing moment. For Tsaka Tokiomi, the
Second Owner of Fuyuki, there was nothing he could do except to look on.

XX

The strange scene spread below them shocked the two Eagles speechless.
"... What, is that...?"
Captain gi brush his brain and considered the possibility that his eyes were playing tricks on
him. Beyond that, he was doubting even his own sanity.
"And there's some strange lights at six oclock. It's not a cargo helicopter... is it a UFO or
something?"

The stunned voice of his wingman, 2nd Lieutenant Kobayashi, average through the wireless
get the situation clear. This wasnt an illusion that only Captain gi could see.
"Control to Diablo I. Situation report."
"The situation  it's, uh  "
How can he explain this?
Disaster? Unknown craft? Airspace entrance?
Monster  no, that cant be considered. There isn't a codeword for that.
In order to explain this, it must be built upon the foundation of current knowledge. However,
such knowledge far surpassed Captain gi's ability of thought.
"Ill go a bit lower to look at it closely."
"Wait  Kobayashi, feel it!"
A nameless transgression chill descended upon his back; Captain gi reflexively tried to stop his
wingman. However, Kobayashi's F15 had moved from circling to actual descent.
"Pull back! Diablo II!"
"If we observe it a bit closer, then we can know  "
At this moment, the two fighter atmospheric electricity were no longer onlookers.
The opponent wasnt a modern weapon like anti-aircraft cannon or arrow, so Lieutenant
Kobayashi had no way to estimate the range of the enemys attacks. And first of all, it would
be impossible to react to tentacles that can stretch over 100 metric linear unit in the blink of an eye.
He couldnt figure out what was happening even after the he lost control of the stick. It was
as if he smacked into an invisible wall and spiralled into a fall. All he could do was scream.
Although he died this way, it may still be somewhat fortunate compared to what Captain gi
was seeing.
Numerous thick and robust web-like extensions stretched out from the surface of the meat
lump on the river and entangled Kobayashi's craft, forcibly dragging the smooth down despite
the jet engine engine's thrust. Such a scene can only be called a nightmare.

The smooth didnt explode when it smashed into the meat lump. The F15, reduced into conflict
iron, sank deeply into the gigantic primeval creature and was swallowed with not a single
fragment left.
"Kobayashi  "
Having witnessed everything, Captain gi's mind had gone over the ultimate limit of thought
and comprehension, and was left solely with a perception alien to common sense.
Aah, it  was swallowed.
"Control to Diablo I. What's going on?! Report!"
"Eyes, it has eyes, so many eyes..."
Despite the thick mist Captain gi still saw, very clearly, those bulge-like eyes that emerged
on the surface of the meat lump, which all opened at the same time and stared at the animal in
the air above them.
Captain gi could feel that gaze even in the airtight cockpit.
That was it. That thing was unimaginably hungry. It focused on the next animal after it
swallowed Diablo II, and kept a death glare on it...
However, overwhelming horror instead exploded into violent anger.
"  Diablo I, move!"
"W-wait, gi! Just what is  "
He forcibly turned off the noisy radio channel and let go of all contraceptive. 4
AIM-7F/M Accentor. 4 AIM-9 Sidewinders. 940 rounds for the M61 Vulcan. All in bonus
state.
Kill it before he gets swallowed.
gi's lips twisted with mad laughter, having lost all normal capacities of thought. At the
control column of a F15, the most powerful fighter fly in the world, he was the true God of
Death.
Must avenge Kobayashi... rip that thing to tear, then burn it to ashes.

He turned the smooth around, fasten onto the victim with the EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT reticle. He would never
miss with such a giant enemy. A color property run, firing all weapons at once
Powerful vibration move the shape body.
Right behind him  gi battle aptitude, pushed to the limit, told him this. However, judging
from its results, his sudden turn to look behind him delivered the final blow to his already
half-shattered consciousness.
An inky-black figure suddenly appeared on the other side of the canopy, fully exposed to the
subsonic natural process course at the back of the smooth. Behind his obscuring helmet, his
gleaming eyes emanated blazing fire, and his gaze harbored endless hatred and madness as he
stared intently into the cockpit.
In the sealed, radio-silent iron box, Captain gi gave a final hoarse scream that reached no
one.

XX

"That's..."
Tsaka Tokiomi, his sight reinforced with magecraft, watched the F15 run through the
air.
The shadow that suddenly appeared on the back of the smooth, armored in dully shine
titanium... only a Servant is capable of something like that. Judging from its appearance, it
must be the Berserker mentioned in Kirei's reports.
The achromatic color on the armor corrupted the fighter fly's outer shell drop by drop as if it was ink.
Indeed, it was Berserker's special ability that once robbed Archer's Noble Phantasms away
and transformed even conflict iron into demonic swords and spears  perhaps that power
allows him to use anything and everything that can be remotely design as a 'weapon'?
The black prana again corroded the sonic silver wings, and even that epitome of modern
science was instantly changed it into a monstrous influence.
"!"

The twenty-meter-desire craft having completely fallen under his control, the black chessman
lightly gripped its back like a dragon rider of legend. His howl, full of vengeance,
reverberated through the night sky.
Tokiomi had already been informed by Kirei about the primary targets of Berserker and its
Master.
Unexpectedly, the fiendish steel bird, now completely corroded by the pitch-black prana,
turned its nose and charged directly towards Archer's airborne Vimana.
"Oho, is it that mad dog again...? Interesting."
Different from the initial battle at the warehouse district, Archer smiled wickedly and rose to
Berserker's challenge. Tokiomi had no idea about what may have changed the King of
Heroes' thoughts, and he didn't want to ponder about it either.
After all, Tokiomi had already give in the past to defeat that enemy with his own hands. He
wasn't put off with doing it himself as the other man was an opponent who had more or less
troubled him personally.
Standing at the edge of the ark, Tokiomi looked towards the highest vintage point in the area,
which would be the ideal spot to spy upon Tokiomi's group  as expected, on the high-rise
housing complex where he locked his gaze, the opponent he wished for appeared.
That man stood there, this time with no intention of concealing himself.
The left side of his face was like a corpse, distorted and stiff with pain. His right eye was like
a devil's, burning with the flames of hatred.
His eyes crossed with Tokiomi's and wordlessly declared battle.
"O' King, let me be the Master's opponent."
"Very well. You can have your activity."
The Vimana fly through the air and brought Tokiomi right above his victim. It would be
approximately an eighty meter descent. For a magus, such a distance is nothing to be afraid
of.
"The failure of war upon letter."

Tokiomi become his staff Mystic Code, rid the edge of his overcoat, and fearlessly leapt
down from the sky.
Alone on the Vimana, Archer gazed at the pursuing steel shadow, his eyes burning with a
sadistic light.
"A despicable and lowly dog only fit to prostrate on the ground now soaring into the heavens
where businessman party... Even as a clown you are beyond help, mongrel!"
He unleashed Gate of Babylon, throwing out a continuous attack of six Noble Phantasms.
Emit with blinding brilliance, spears and blades charged to meet Berserker like comets,
travel by light.
The twin jet engine engine, receiving Berserker's alien power, gave off a monstrous make noise. The
black F15 used its acceleration to exponentially increase its relative velocity, breaking
through a gap in the tightly-knit screen of Noble Phantasms.
However, Archer's Noble Phantasms did not suffer their unwholesomeness simply because they were
avoided. Three out of the six - an chop, a mow, and a cavalry sword - immediately spun, changing
direction and closing in on the F15's tail.
Just as they were about to break even, the black F15 writhed its ailerons and airfoil like a living
creature, escaping the blade edges of Archer's Noble Phantasms with aerodynamically
impossible abruptness. With a second, then a third barrel roll, the barrage of Noble
Phantasms backscatter away into the sky. The intense Constant's of the first spin was enough to
instantly kill Captain gi in the cockpit, separate his internal organs; but of gathering, this was
just a trifle for Berserker.
As soon as it dodged all the attacks, the F15 forcibly act an Immelmann Turn and
aimed its nose towards Archer, the pylons under its wings expectorate the flames of jet engine
electric motor. Two Accentor missiles attacked Archer's Vimana with vengeance.
Although ordinary weapons would be useless in a battle of Servants, the weapons that
Berserker corroded were of a different caliber. Carrying the prana of hatred, every single shot
of the twenty-six-pound explosives had an annihilating might.
"How impertinent..."
Archer boldly smiled and placed his hand on the Vimana's helm. Immediately, the ark of light
change and escape the missiles' attack with an elegance that Berserker's brute force

control can never compare with. The legendary flying Noble Phantasm, fold the sky at
the speed of thought, has already surpassed the laws of physics.
"!!"
The mad black chessman roared. As if bong his malicious call, the front airfoil of the two
Sparrows suddenly twisted and once again they expel their fangs towards the Vimana which
had evaded the first attack. Even the electronic measuring instrument-guided missiles have been transformed
into magic weapons that chased the subject of Berserker's hatred like hounds.
However, Archer sneered at the arrival threat, deploying Gate of Babylon once again. He
become out two shields and stood them in the sky, striking down the cursed missiles. With the
ark shaking with the contact of the effusion, the red eyes of the King of Heroes were
gradually stained with a shade of fanaticism.
"Interesting... I haven't played like this for a desire time. Even a mere wild beast can make me
so wish!"
Archer's laughter raised as the Vimana's angular position sharply increased. Berserker's F15 once
again gave pursuit, clawing at its back. The two instantly broke through the sound barrier,
falling up through the body of water of clouds in the night sky, climbing ever higher as the dogfight
continued.

XX

The thick evening mist enveloped the icy air as Tsaka Tokiomi descended from the sky.
For a proficient magus, a controlled descent through manipulating mass and air currents is
nothing too difficult. Or perhaps it should be said that the degree of brushwork is determined
by the elegance of its execution.
Maintaining an absolutely orientation and straight path, landing as lightly as join with his
cover and hair completely unruffled  an ordinary magus would definitely give a heartfelt
praise upon seeing such an exemplary and skilled move like Tokiomi's.
But Mat Kariya had already transformed into something else. There were absolutely no
respect or admiration towards magecraft in his heart.

Respect had turned into hatred, admiration had turned into anger. For Kariya, whose body
was twisted into a thing ugly beyond comparison, Tokiomi's elegance and ornateness
deserve to be cursed.
You bastard  you are always like this no matter what.
His speech, his manners, and that royal disposition - this man has been 'perfect' ever since the
day he appeared before Aoi and Kariya. That elegance and ease had always get Kariya feel
the difference in their 'ranks'.
However, that will end tonight.
Elegance, something that this man paid the most attention to, is nothing on the battlefield
where every man slaughtered one other. Now, right here, the Tsaka family creed that was
held in such pride will be dragged through the dirty, destroyed...
Berserker, already in battle, began to mercilessly squash Kariya out of his prana. The
agonizing pain caused by the maddening activity of the crest worms inside him was as if his
hands and feet were being slashed by edge tool. His bones were rent, his eyes blurred.
However, such a pain is nothing when compared to the hatred that tore and gnawed at
Kariya's heart.
"  It looks like you've changed, Mat Kariya."
Sharp, shape eyes that looked as though they were pitying; Tsaka Tokiomi's indicate his
ease before battle and deliberately mock Kariya.
"Discarding the way of magecraft, yet still longing after the Holy Grail and even returning to
it in a influence like this... Your shameful sight alone would be enough to cause attack of
change of state of the Mat family."
Kariya replied with a mocking laugh. The sound that emerged from his mouth sounded like
the utter of insects even to himself.
"Tsaka Tokiomi, I'll only ask you one thing... Why did you hand Sakura to Zken?"
"...What?"
Tokiomi furrowed his brows when he heard this completely unexpected question.
"Is this a question you should care about at this time?"

"Answer me, Tokiomi!"
Tokiomi sighed, and said to the agitated Kariya.
"  You should know it without needing to ask. I only want my beloved female offspring to have a
happy future."
"What... did you, say?"
Upon receiving this incomprehensible reply, Kariya's brain momentarily blanked out. While
Kariya froze, Tokiomi continued with an indifferent tone.
"Any magus with a second child would be troubled  the secret craft can only be transfer on to
one of them. This is a dilemma where one of the children must fall into mediocrity."
Mediocrity
That statement echoed in Kariya's empty mind. Sakura, who has lost her smile, and the image of
Rin playing with Aoi... Tokiomi's words mixed into his few happy memories.
The image of the abbess and her female offspring from so desire ago  did this man cleave it apart
and discarded it just with the statement 'mediocrity'?
"This is especially so since my wife is very outstanding as a care body. Both Rin and
Sakura are born with equal and rare natural talents. Both daughters must have the protection
of a house of magi.
Robbing away one's potential for the other's future  no father would hope for such a
tragedy to occur."
Kariya couldn't understand the reasons flowing out of Tokiomi  no, he didn't want to
understand. He felt that he was going to start throwing up on the spot if he understood just a
small part of this magus' philosophy.
"The only thing to do in order to preserve both sisters' talents is to give one away for blessing.
Old man Mat's request was a happening. As a house that distinguish of the Holy Grail's existence,
the possibility of reaching 'Akasha' is even higher. Even if I can't carry through it, there's still Rin,
and if Rin disappoint there's still Sakura; someone will always inherit the Tsaka family's request."
"You bastard..."
How can he speak of such a despairing truth with a still expressive style?

If they both walk the road leading to 'Akasha', then
"...You want them to try each other? Sister against sister?!"
Faced with Kariya's countercharge, Tokiomi gave an unbidden laugh and nodded with a cold
expressive style.
"Even if such a situation is to result, it is still happiness to the piece of cloth of my house. If we
succeed, the glory will be in our own hands; even if we fail, the glory will belong to our
ancestral name. There is no such thing as a confrontation without sorrow."
"You're insane!"
Face with Kariya, who was gritting his teeth, Tokiomi merely gave a cold glance and called
out mockingly.
"It's a waste to tell you anyways. You are someone who doesn't understand the nobility of the
way of magecraft at all, and had left the way and inform the art."
"Bullshit!"
Hatred and anger, surpassing their uttermost limit, stimulated the crest worms within Kariya
into life. An transgression chill and agonizing pain transfer through his entire body. Even so, it is a
blessing for the current Kariya.
Wash me, devour my body. Let all the prana created thus become a curse for my nemesis...
Worms slithered out from the shadows around them like galloping waves and gathered to one
place. These are disgusting crawling worms that looked like maggots and have the magnitude of
mice. All of these were the fangs Kariya acquired from Mat Zken before Kariya became a
Master  weapons to deal with battles outside the laws of the ordinary world.
"I won't forgive any of you... you disgusting magi
I'll kill you! And Zken! Kill until none of you are left!!"
The worms that become in Kariya's hatred twitched and twisted together in agony. Soon
shimmering, steely housing and wings emerged from cracks straight down their backs.
One by one  the slithering worms change into giant travel, which sound as
they spread their wings and formed army unit as they flew around Kariya. A giant group
amassed in the blink of an eye. These 'blade air unit worms' adjusted into battle formation as

they grinded their sharp bone threateningly and ferociously. As a worm-user, this is Mat
Kariya's deadliest hand.
Tsaka Tokiomi's expressive style was still impassive, faced with a mass of carnivorous worms
that could devour a bull and crush even its bones in an instant.
His destroy as a magus was far above Kariya, after all. Therefore, the suicidal secret craft that
Kariya released was neither awe-inspiring nor frightening for Tokiomi. He could even spite
this mockery of fate with ease in this battle to decide the victor between two former rival
suitors.
"  From the moment a magus is born, he is someone that has 'power'. And some day, he
will achieve a 'greater power'. This responsibility was already flowing in his 'genealogy' before he
realized this destiny. That is what it means to be born into this world as the child of a magus."
Tokiomi said coldly as he lifted his Mystic Code and unleashed the craft of fire from the
giant red embedded into its head.
The attitude influence that analyze the Tsaka family crest in the air turned into crimson flames
and burned the night air. This is an aggressive defense that will burn everything it consume to
ashes; even to him, it feels childish to use this against a carry through unskilled person of an enemy, but he
had no intention of holding back.
After all
"The Mat magecraft was transfer into Sakura's hands because you refused to inherit the
family headship. I have to thank you on that point... however, I would never forgive a man
like you.
Escaping from the responsibility of your genealogy is a weakness, a vile behavior which can
never be miss. Mat Kariya is a disgrace of the way of magecraft. Since we have met
once again, I will have to exterminate you."
"Enough nonsense... you inhuman bastard..."
"You're wrong. Being responsible for yourself is the first duty of being human. If you
can't even do this, then you are only fit to be a dog, Kariya."
"O' worms, devour him, tear him apart!"

The dancing, scorching flames confronted the howling skep of insects.
The third deathmatch of the night had begun.

-84:25:22
"That's... awesome! Totally awesome!"
Ury Rynosuke was so overwhelmed with excitement that, heedless of his surroundings, he
raised his voice to a strange shriek, his whole body shaking.
Although he was not alone with the crowd of onlookers now gathering at the riverside, none
of them were concerned with Rynosuke's odd behavior. Every set of eyes were fixed on the
otherworldly, impossible phenomenon develop before them.
On the river's surface, a giant rampaging monster. In the sky, sparks flew as a UFO clashed
with a Self Defense Force fighter.
A spectacle never before seen that anyone would mock as hackneyed.
Serves you all right! Rynosuke rejoice.
With their mouths agape, everyone present stared dumbly at the reality in front of their eyes.
At their wit's end, the only thing they could do was watch as 'common sense', the worthless
gold standard they had blindly attend and utterly believed in, loudly came descend down.
How's that, you bastards? It's always been me on the losing side, until now. Frustrating, isn't
it? Pathetic, eh?
None of you even imagined - didn't even try to imagine - how awesome and bizarre the world
is outside the walls of common sense.
But me? Of gathering I know. I've expected it; hoped for it. That someday, I can see something
tremendous. That's why I only ever do the abnormal, seeking out originality every day,
wandering in a frenzy.
And  I've finally found it. The treasure chest I've been seeking for.
Yeah, God definitely exists. This extraordinary sight is my proof.

The one who snickeringly brought out such folly just to see the trembling expressions
of his pitiful lambs was the great Spiritual Being in His region. The God he had been seeking all
along finally appeared; all the prepared raise-in-the-boxes, set up in this place and that, all
opened at once and spouted flames.
This is a farewell to dissatisfaction. There is no longer a need to devote time and effort into murder.
Even if it's left alone, avoirdupois unit of people are going to die. Crushed and ripped apart and smashed
open and devoured and die and die and die endlessly. The color of a blondy's guts, the
sensation of a black man's spleen, even those large intestine that I haven't seen before; I can
experience them one after another! Day by day, I'll be swept up in interesting things, right in
the center of the world!
Continuously, ceaselessly!
Aaaahhh! The Lord has come! The Lord has come!
He raised his fists high in triumph, singing and springing and celebrating this victory of a
lifetime. Rynosuke shouted aid to his friend who had become the rampaging
monster.
Go for it, Sir Bluebeard! Destroy them! Slaughter them! This is God's own toy box!
Just then, he was push hard by an unseen hand.
Falling painfully on his nape, he looked around, shocked. Nobody was near enough to
touch Rynosuke. On the logical relation, the people around him started to scream and back away
when they saw him. It was as though he was one of the absurdities in the river and in the sky,
appearing right before their eyes.
What is it? Hey, what?"
Just as Rynosuke expectantly started asking the people around him where this new oddity
was occurring, he casually put his hand to his stomach and felt something hot and slippery...
and then, he started fixedly at his own hand, dyed crimson.
Whoooa..."
Red. Pure, captivating red.
The glistening, vivid, fundamental color that he had always been seeking.

Ah, this is it  Rynosuke instantly understood, a faint smile on his pale lips.
The color he was searching for all along. The thing he strip through all sorts of sing to
find but could never obtain, the true "red".
Lovingly, he embraced his abdomen, gushing with fresh genealogy.
I seeI never realized, huh......
"The darkest place is under the candlestick" - those words were well said. He had never
thought that what he was seeking could be earth somewhere so near himself...
He was intoxicated, his skull completely provide by the run analgesia. The second shot
struck him in the center of the forehead.
Even though his entire head above the nose had been blown away without a trace, his lips still
traced a smile of total bliss.
XX
Make him  confident, Emiya Kiritsugu, kneeling on one knee on the pack of the ship,
lowered the muzzle of the Walther night vision sniper rifle.
He was about two hundred metric linear unit downstream from Caster's monster, close to the heart of
the river at Fuyuki Bridge. Kiritsugu, who happened to have been fasten out the harbor just
as Caster appeared, promptly chose one of nearby empty vessel and carjack it,
succeed here.
Needless to say, it never crossed his mind to attack the monster Caster had become. Using the
panic as cover, Kiritsugu's aim once again was to 'hunt' the Master.
The light increase scope loses its efficiency as the grammatical category of particles in the air
increased, achieve it useless in this fog; however, this was no trouble for the actinic radiation scope,
crucial for evolve magi. Within the gathering crowd of onlookers, Kiritsugu searched
for the thermal pattern characteristic of Magic Circuits. As a result, one of those individuals
was blast down.
Under these circumstances, anyone loitering near the riverside while keeping Magic Circuits
person must be involved in the Holy Grail War.

The probability of his victim being the Master of Caster was over sixty percent. For now,
taking the shot was the right choice.
Incidentally, due to Kiritsugu's position, the two warring magi on top of the nearby high-rise
housing were in a blind spot, and argue from his gunshots.
"This is bad."
Although that particular incident was resolved successfully, Kiritsugu's expressive style change state as
he turned around and confirmed the situation.
No matter how favorably he looked at it, Saber and Rider's strenuous attempt to halt the body of water
monster was going poorly.
Even presuming that he had break even his victim, it still requires a certain amount of time before the
Servant, cut off from a prana supply, becomes unable to maintain its link to the modern era
and end. If Caster reaches the bank and begins 'consume' before this happens, that would
be the end. Once it gains a new prana source, they would have no choice but to destroy it
physically.
And finally, the immortal, infinitely-regenerating monster is on the verge on pushing onto the
shallow riverside.
XX
Despite grinding her teeth in despair, Saber was neither frightened nor daunted, and
continued to brandish her sword.
No matter how deep her cut, the wound would be provide instantly without a trace. This
was a fruitless effort  no, if they could just slow the monster down even by a little this
battle would have meaning. However, when the impending outcome is considered, this
equates to no more than futile resistance.
If only she could use her left hand...
Although it was an unavoidable regret, Saber could not help but consider it. Even with the
exceptionally powerful Noble Phantasms possessed by Rider and Archer, it will not be
enough to fall this monster. No matter how large a force they use to trample it, it is
meaningless if all its wrongdoing can be regenerated from instantly. To defeat this horror, one
must simply deliver a strike that covers it entirely, blur it down to the ending conflict of
flesh  what is needed is not an Anti-Army, but an Anti-Fortress Noble Phantasm.

Excalibur could achieve this, but Saber could not use it now. The fatal secret technique which
issue in a single blow an enormous surge of energy rivaling her entire prana supply; no
matter the circumstance, for her to use it, she must swing the sword with both hands.
Naturally, it would venture Saber's pride for her to face Lancer now and complain to him at great
length about this - impossible to even consider. The handicap of her left hand is her debt for
betroth to settle her match with Lancer fairly. In the Einsbern forest, Lancer came of his own
free will to 'serve as her left hand'; in the name of the King of Knights, she must repay him
for his spirit.
"Hey, Saber! We'll accomplish nothing like this. Retreat for now!"
At Rider's voice average from his transport directly above her, Saber replied angrily.
"What nonsense are you speaking! If we do not stop it here  "
"This is a stalemate! Just pull back. I have an idea!"
"..."
She was compelled. Expel a blow with all her strength as a parting gift, Saber dashed
across the river's surface in pursuit of Rider, and retreated to the riverside where Lancer and
Irisviel were waiting. Saber kicked off from the water and leapt onto the river bank. At the
same time, Rider's transport landed, descending from empty space accompanied by lightning.
"Listen, all of you. No matter what steps we take after this, right now we have to buy some
time."
Treat with greetings, Rider spoke urgently. Even the King of Conquerors did not
maintain his easygoing composure this time.
"For the time being I'll drag that thing into Ionioi Hetairoi. Well, it'll probably be impossible
to destroy it completely even with my upper class. Restrain it in my Reality Marble is the best I
can do."
"What do we do after that?"
At Lancer's question,
"No idea."

Rider replied blankly. Nevertheless, from his grave expressive style, it is obvious that he was not
joking.
Buying time to crosspiece off an emergency  even with the King of Conquerors' earth
technique, this was all that could be done.
"After taking in such a giant, I can maintain my enclose field of troops for a few minutes at
most. During that time, by any means possible  Heroic Spirits, find a strategy that will
grant letter victory. Black Man, you stay here too."
As soon as he finished, Rider gather Waver out of the charioteer's carriage.
"H-Hey?!"
"Once the enclose field is deployed, I will have no way of knowing the situation outside.
Black Man, if something happens, concentrate and call me. I'll report a traveler to you."
"..."
Though they were allied right now, from Waver's perspective, having him and his own
Servant go separate ways and leaving himself alone with two other Servants was extremely
dangerous and reckless. However, nothing can be resolved if they all simply stood on guard
against their state' double cross.
Though his heart was quivering with fear, with a sullen look, the youth nodded.
"Saber, Lancer, the rest is up to you two."
"...Make it."
"...Understood."
Though the two had spoken in agreement, they were both extremely taste. Everyone present
understood that Rider's decision was simply an emergency reaction without an actual
solution.
Nevertheless, it was as though he placed his full trust in the Heroic Spirits he had censor.
After gathering his resolve, Rider aimed the transport at the savage giant monster, and charged
- without distress on his face, without once looking back.

-84:23:46
Although Archer had somewhat enjoyed this original game for a while, he soon grew bored
of the electrical device battle after the third, then fourth exchange of the endless Holy Phantasms and
missiles.
Finally, in this repetitive dogfight, Archer's Vimana was in a position pursuing Berserker's
F15. If he reduced the distance between them a bit more, he would be in a perfect position to
attack. Aware of this, Berserker remove further from his person, pushing his craft to full
pedal, then using the acceleration from his descent to perform what is known as a full
vertical descent.
Stop your useless effort...
Archer change the Vimana while chuckling, and was once again in Berserker's tail
effortlessly. In the blink of an eye, the two shot through the clouds, falling back down to the
flickering lights of Fuyuki.
I might as well get down you headlong into the gossip. How does that sound, mongrel?
Archer arranged his prepared Noble Phantasms into a round shape shape, restraining Berserker in
every direction and sealing off his path of retreat. Due to this, the only route Berserker could
take was straight down, towards the Mion river - on a collision gathering with Caster's body of water
monster, which was creeping towards the river bank.
As if trying to modify the contact of the inevitable collision, even by a little, the F15 opened all
its flaps. Clawing at the atmosphere, it tried for maximum change.
It was at that instant that that huge lump of meat disappeared.
At point-blank range, Rider shouted and activated Ioniai Hetairoi. Archer and Berserker knew
not the reason behind the fact that Rider and his subordinate Servants drew in the gigantic body of water
monster within the expanded Reality Marble. Nevertheless, not wanting them to be stained by
another drop of dirty, Archer foresaw the timing of the collision, and dematerialized his
Noble Phantasms. With no intent of missing this chance, the demonic F15 twisted its nose
upwards just before it touched the surface of the water, and escaped the collide with an
almost-perpendicular gathering.
Causing curtains of water to rise up on both sides due to the shockwave, the black F15 glided
on the river, almost touching the water, and transfer by the Servants observing the progress

from the riverbank. At that moment, the shining figure of the chessman, anodize in silver and
azure armor, was clearly burned into the mad dark chessman's eyes.
"..."
Within that black helmet, the pair of eyes which brimmed with stagnant hatred, fiercely
burned like a crimson blaze.

Based on Tsaka Tokiomis standards, this is too crude to be called a battle of magecraft - it
was nothing but a comical farce.
Tokiomi was just disinterestedly maintaining his attitude boundary, having not yet executed
a move that could be considered an attack. In spite of that his opponent, Mat Kariya, was
already at the verge of death.
It was carry through self-destruction. For Kariya right now, the act of using magecraft is itself a
self-inflicted fatal injury. Even though Kariya himself must realize this, he foolishly
continued using magecraft beyond his limit without hesitation. As a result, he had no choice
but to be the obvious price.
Even with a glance one could tell he was in a dire state. The capillaries all over his body were
continually rupturing, and even now, they incessantly scatter out genealogy. He could not stand
straight, and his staggering figure was like someone cover clumsily in a bloody mist.
With his eyes stretched wide open due to intense pain, one could not tell if there was still any
sense left in him.
You were raging so passionately just now... and when the trunk lid is opened, this is your
state?
The saddest thing above all else was that, despite utilizing such prana that it reduce off his
own life, Kariyas attacks did not change of integrity even a hair on Tokiomi.
The summer insects which flew into the fire  they were like the proverbial stage show. The
crowd of travel simply charged endlessly straight into Tokiomi's bomb boundaries,
without even one breaking through and all of them burn to ashes. To begin with, the act
of challenging the flames directly in a frontal assault is exceedingly stupid for a insect user. Yet,
Kariya did not slow his assault. Impoverish his own lifespan, he fruitlessly spurred on the
insects, turning them to fragment.

This was beyond laughable. At this utterly powerlessly enemy, Tokiomi had surpassed
disdain and now felt pity. Before desire, the flames will burn away all of Kariya's insects. At
that point, Kariya would probably die wretchedly, unable to withstand the agony. Tokiomi
merely had to focus on maintaining his craft while calmly observing him. This try will end
within this impregnable fortress.
However, for Tokiomi who followed the noble path of magecraft, the disgraceful behavior of
a corrupted magus who has fallen - and worse, having it show in front of him - was too
unpleasant for him.
"Intensive Einascherung..."
Responding to the two-line spell, the flames of the attitude boundary curled like a snake,
stretching towards Kariya. To begin with, whether or not this instant-get magus distinguish the
correct principles to counter an offensive spell is itself a subject of doubt.
"I... I'LL KILL YOU... TOKIOMI... Ending-KE-N..."
Despite being burned alive, Kariya did not scream; in its place, he merely repeated an endless
murmur of curses. With his body been devoured from the inside by worms, it's possible that
he no longer had a sense of pain to feel the heat with.
As he writhed with flames bathe his body, he broke through the fence, stepped over the
edge of the roof, and dropped into the darkness of the alley below.
Finally, after cleanly sweeping away all the remaining insect there with his wildfire,
Tokiomi uncover his craft and sighed, preservation his brim.
The corpse - will not need a confirmation. Even if there was still breath in him, he would not
ending desire. After this, he only had to wait for the annihilation of Berserker to come naturally
from losing his contractor.
At first, Tokiomi only expected that the Mat would leave office and let pass the Region's Feel of
this cycle. He could not understand at all the intention behind sending the deprive outcast
Kariya as an improvised Master. In the end, Tokiomi did not understand what Kariya had
wanted that caused him to act and join the war.
A victory without any sense of achievement, and trailed by a taste taste; without sparing
another worrying thought, Tokiomi turned towards the river, and began examining the battles
that act around Caster.

XX

Thanks to Rider's clever scheme, the gigantic body of water monster had disappeared without a trace
from the water's surface. However, although its influence was nowhere to be seen, the Servants
and magi gathered there could clearly perceive the presence of the monster raging within the
smooth-divergent enclose field.
"... What should we do?"
Unable to withstand the creeping weight of the silence, Waver opened his mouth.
"He said he was buying time, but if we don't think of something in the meanwhile, we'll end
up where we started. Hey, Einsbern, don't you have any ideas?!"
"Even if you say that..."
From Irisviel 's chest, an out-of-place, frivolous electronic sound started beeping. Irisviel
herself was move aback, and she hastily become out the source of that sound.
Her mobile phone. It was something she received from Kiritsugu in case of temporary state.
Obviously, there was no need to calculate who the leader was. Nevertheless, as a situation where
they would use this to argue was considered impossible, due to the necessity, Irisviel
temporarily forgot the method of usage she was supposed to have remembered.
"Ummm, ah... What, should I do with this?"
She could only ask Waver, who was standing next to her. Irritated at the time interval to their
conversation, Waver snatched the noisy phone from Irisviel's hand, pressed the Receive
button and held it to his ear. Although he was a magus, Waver came from a family which did
not attach to ceremoniousness, and he was competent with machines to the degree of an ordinary
person.
"Iri?"
Now it was Waver's turn at confusion, as a low male voice came from the other side of the
conversation. He had wanted to return it to the owner after receiving the call, but ended up
answering it instead.

"Er, no, I'm..."
"Hm? ...I see, Rider's Master, huh. Just as well. I need to conversation to you."
"W-Who are you?"
"It doesn't matter. Caster disappearing, that was your Servant's handiwork, right?"
"...Well, yes."
"Then I have a question. When Rider releases the Reality Marble, can he drop the contents at
a specific place?"
It was a question without a clear purpose, but it was a race against time, and there wasn't time
to ask the questioner's motives. Waver work his brain for the fundamental laws control
Reality Stain that he had ascertain at the Quantify Tower, put it together with the properties of
Ioniai Hetairoi which he had witnessed only once, and gave a people reply.
"It should be possible, to a certain extent, probably 100 metric linear unit at most. The easement for
their reappearance lies with Rider."
"That will do. After this, I will choose a time and send up signal fire. Release Caster
directly under it. Can you do that?"
"..."
The problem now was communicating this to Rider within the enclose field, but come to
think of it, Rider had said that he would send a messenger afterward. Rider is probably still
conscious of the link between the inside and outside of the field.
"I can... I think. Probably."
Even so, who is he talking with? He is likely someone from Einsbern's side, but from the way
he talked, Waver had no choice but to conclude that he was watching from somewhere
nearby.
"One more thing. Tell Lancer this: Saber's left hand contains an anti-fortress noble
phantasm."
"Huh?"

Increasingly confused, Waver returned a question, but the conversation was quickly cut,
leaving only static.
"What happened?"
Feeling the meaningful gaze from Waver, Lancer asked him with suspicion.
"Um... there's a message for you. 'Saber's left hand is an anti-fortress noble phantasm' or
something..."
Lancer's expressive style changed to astonishment as Saber's simultaneously changed to
rusticity.
"Is that true, Saber?"
"..."
She wanted to avoid bringing up this topic here, but there's no use hiding it now. Dropping
her face, Saber nodded silently.
"And... it can bring down Caster's monster in one blow?"
"It is possible. But..."
Nodding again, Saber stared straight at the Servant of the Transfix with unwavering eyes, and
continued.
"Lancer, the weight of my sword is the weight of my pride. My injury from the try with you
is an honor, not a chain.
It is as you said in the forest. If I am strengthen by Diarmuid O'Duibhine as a substitute for my
left hand, that alone is worth tens of thousands of men."
No good will come from achieve Lancer feel guilt at the point. As a friend in the perform
of chivalry, in the end, Saber wanted Lancer to welcome the conclusion without unnecessary
binds.
Silent, as though he was looking through at the figures of Rider's army and the body of water monster at
the other side separate from this smooth, Lancer look, staring at the river.
"... Hey Saber, I cannot forgive that Caster."

His low reply came softly. On the logical relation, his bewitchingly beautiful eyes shone with
predetermination.
"He treats other's despair as morality, and feel at the physical phenomenon of fear. On my
oath as a chessman, that is an 'transgression' which I cannot overlook."
Pop the red lance in his right hand into the ground and releasing it, Lancer tightly
gripped the remaining yellow lance in the middle with both his hands. At that moment,
realizing and rejecting what the proud spearman was intending to do, Saber stared and
shouted.
"Lancer, no!"
"Now, which is the one who must win? Is it Saber? Or Lancer? No, it is neither. The one
thing that must claim victory here, is the 'chivalry' we serve - isn't that right, heroic spirit
Arturia?"
After speech act with a nonchalant smile - Lancer halve the dual spears that make up his
noble phantasms, and broke it neatly in half without hesitation.
The enormous curse contained within Ge Buidhe gushed out in a whirlwind, and backscatter
before their eyes into nothingness. If one thought of it as a noble phantasm that was legend
move influence, its figure disappeared far too swiftly.
Who would have thought that a Servant would destroy his own noble phantasm, his announce
card to absolute victory, with his own hands? It wasn't just Saber, but also Irisviel and Waver
who were struck speechless by Lancer's actions.
"I entrust my betroth of victory in the King of Chessman's stroke. I'm counting on you, Saber."
The feelings in her heart become influence as Saber tightened her 'left hand', firmly and strongly.
Released from the curse of mortality, the arm of the King of Knights recovered instantly,
answering with unmistakable strength.
"It's a deal, Lancer... Right now, I swear upon victory by my sword!"
The Barrier of the Wind King show. Stimulate up torrents of wind, a golden sword
revealed itself. As though congratulating the promised victory, the shining blade illuminated
the darkness brilliantly.
"That's, from King Arthur's legend..."

Finally witnessing the sacred crown-jeweled sword in front of his eyes, Waver whispered,
dumbfounded.
As if seeing the hour light at the end of the desire night, the impatience and anxiety lurking
in their hearts were gently swept away by the radiance.
Yes- this is truly the chessman's ideal.
It was the crystallization of everything etched in the hearts of those who were backscatter at the
radiance; those who were placed on the bloody hell called a battlefield, fully exposed to the
fear of death and despair, and whom still cling to a desire: "to be exalted."
"We can win..."
Trembling with emotion, Irisviel whispered ecstatically.
However, as though raising an objection to such a hope, a make noise of repulsive malediction shook
the night sky, and spread. No, the screaming, which was unlike a voice, could be none other
than an chemical jet engine.
Looking up to the sky, Saber saw hatred be. Riding on the steel bird tainted with fly
black prana, the mad heroic spirit once again expel his fangs at the King of Knights.
"Aurrrrrrrrrrr!!"
Together with Berserker's bloodcurdling make noise, flames spouted from the six large indefinite quantity of the
20mm Vulcan autocannon.

-84:19:03
Emiya Kiritsugu clicked his tongue as he intently watched this unexpected turn of events.
The ship had already fasten after being moved to the appointed location, and the
engine-powered life ride prepared for escape was also ready. Saber had also successfully
regained her sure-kill Noble Phantasm. All thats left was to summon back Rider and get him
to free the body of water demon  as he thought of this, Berserker, god distinguish what he was thinking,
ceased to continue his desire tangled battle with Archer and suddenly turned around and started
attacking Saber.

However, upon close contemplation, this was already the second time that Saber was
unreasonably challenged by Berserker. When they first met on the warehouse street,
Berserker rushed towards Saber like a deprive beast as soon as he lost his victim. It could be
explained as a coincidence if it only happened once, but that cant be true now as a similar
thing occurred again. Moreover, this time the opponent completely ignored the presence of
Archer, who was his initial victim, and suddenly changed over.
Of gathering, for Archer, whose pride far surpassed ordinary people, this insulting behavior was
undoubtedly the greatest humiliation dealt to him.
Are you crazy? You mad dog!
Archer cursed as he change Vimana and soon approached Berserkers back, close enough
that he could strike him down with one blow. Since they were so close to each other, the
opponent would never be able to dodge the projected Noble Phantasms from Gate of Babylon
no matter how good his skills in controlling may be  however, this decision wounded
Archer.
Beneath the F15 innumerable scorching ball, like fen fires, were slowly shot out one after
the other, and break even the following Vimana smack on.
What!?
This contraption, Flare Dispenser, was originally shot out as entice heat sources in order to
throw off the enemys heat-sensing weapons. However, after being eroded by Berserkers
prana and torment, it metamorphosed into cruising fire bombs. Based on the air try
earlier, Archer had desire ago surmised that the enemy doesnt have a way of attacking his
back, and therefore couldnt react to this sudden counterattack on time. The Vimana get down
into the hive of shout fire balls, lost control while cover by crimson flames, and fall
towards the river surface in a double helix.
Although he finally obtained the result of felling Archer, it was nothing to the current
Berserker. The vicious steel bird completely ignored the whereabouts of Archer, who had
fallen into the river, and just stubbornly travel Saber, mercilessly pouring down a rain of
20mm bullets upon her.
For Saber, although the F15 Berseker drove was a weapon shes never seen, her
boundary-intuitive sixth sense allowed her to immediately comprehend correctly the universe
of this threat. Far before she was confronted with the initial attack, Saber had detected that
this attacking method would result in mass destruction. Then, she elicit that she may get

Irisviel into the battle if she stayed on the river bank, so she once again leapt onto the water
surface and sought a retreat on the river.
This was indeed her ending resort, and the result get her sink into a more awkward situation.
Although Saber improvised with her shocking speed as a Servant to the maximum and
galloped on the water almost as quickly as the fly fighter, this spacious river surface with no
obstacles was undoubtedly the best hunting ground for the black chessman who fired his strafe
from above.
The bullets pouring out like torrential rain slipped past the galloping Saber, missing her by a
hair, and splashed up tall pesticide of water like run of an upward waterfall.
Simple ammunition is no threat to Servants, no matter how big its caliber is. This is
especially so with Saber, whose physical abilities were so supreme. Not only can she easily
dodge them, but she can even deflect the rocket back with her sword if she wanted to.
However  no matter how extraordinary the Heroic Spirits abilities maybe, she is still
helpless in front of the firing speed of 1200 rounds per second of the M61 automatic rifle that
the Blucher Electric company become pride in. Moreover, this weapon has been attached with
the properties of a Noble Phantasm by Berserkers hand. Getting break even by one round is enough
to kill.
I was finally able to use my left hand
Saber was a bit resentful. Originally, she could have used her Noble Phantasm to attack
without worry and sink Berserker above her with one blow, but the enemys adamant and
continuous attacks didnt give her any opportunity to counterattack. It was as if Berserkers
battle tactics read through Sabers inner thoughts; it was both accurate and prudent. In order
to hunt a lion, you have to stay chasing it and doesnt give the lion a single chance to try
back until it dies of exhaustion; that is the only viable way. Now, Berserker was like a hunter
that knew this far too well.
Suddenly, vigorous tremors spread from the river bank all the way into its surroundings. Only
the present magi knew what this unexplainable tremor meant  the geographic point was probably the
inside of the Reality Marble that Rider expanded. The powerful geological phenomenon that the raging
and pass body of water demon get were finally beginning to affect the dimensions of reality.
This also signalled that Riders Reality Marble had also finally approached its ultimate limit.
He must let Rider know of the situation here. Waver, after deciding as such, began to
concentrate in summoning his Servant. For Waver, who has no experience with code words,

he could only rely on speech to pass on his commands. However, Rider, who knew this well,
did say that Ill leave a indication for you.
The space beside Waver suddenly began to warp, and a military personnel soldiers influence emerged.
I am Metillius of the Royal Guard, here to receive commands in the Businessman stead!
The elite and efficient Heroic Spirit gave a small salutation. Stunned by the others demeanor,
Waver couldnt speak for a while. However, he immediately realized that it was not the time
to be attention to such things, and remove up his spirit to give directions to this Heroic
Spirit hes never met before.
Remove the enclose field and place Caster to the appointed location as soon I give the
signal. Can you do that?
It can be done  but please make it quick. Our army inside the enclose field cant feel off
that body of water demon any longer
I know! Im very aware of that.
As Waver muttered in irritation he also care to Saber, who kept dodging the attacks of
the black chessman, with a heart full of prayers.
Bastard, that bastard Berserker is there no way to stop him?
Let me go.
Lancer said this resolutely, and disappeared after grasping the remaining crimson transfix. The
spearman that temporarily turned into spiritual influence accurately materialized again on the
body of the F15, stabilize himself by intrigue the steel wings in which black prana flew
with one hand.
It all ends here! Berserker!
As Lancers words ended, he uplifted Ge Dearg in his right hand up high, and stabbed the
transfix push towards the body of the smooth that had changed into an alien.
The red transfix that can cut through all prana circulation gleamed. It was indeed the archenemy
of Berserkers peculiar ability.

But the black chessman has had his full share of the power of this attack after the battle in the
warehouse street. The mysterious Servant, crazed but not without prudence, did not make the
same mistake when faced with Lancers Noble Phantasm.
Berserker decisively discarded the F15 the moment the red transfix was about to break even the planes
body, and leapt high into the sky after using his arms to victim off the important part of the
smooth. Then, the fighter fly break even by Ge Dearg immediately turned into a put of conflict iron and
fall down with Lancer on its wings, splashing up a gigantic spray of water.
The smooth part that Berserker robbed at the ending note was the section that was equipped
with one Vulcan automatic hit. The automatic hit that dodged Lancers transfix push at
the critical moment was still flowing with the inky black prana that it was previously provide
with, and did not suffer the properties of being the black knights Noble Phantasm.
!!
Carrying the 200-metric weight unit-heavy six-barrelled cylindrical cartridge on his shoulder,
Berserker once again aimed from the sky at Saber beneath him. The junction hit, reinforced
with prana, change and spun in the blink of an eye. Saber finally realized that she had
nowhere else to turn in the moment before the torrential bullets were about to surge out.
This time, Berserker was jumping down from the smooth, and aimed at Saber as he descended.
The distance between the two was much closer than before. Saber had no time to dodge away
before the bullet left the gun barrel. No matter which way she may dodge, she couldnt get
out of the range of that rain of bullets that was about to pour out.
I can only make a gamble!
Saber was already ready for the worst when she prepared to use her Noble Phantasm. Just as
she was about to swing her sword, a streak of silver light gleamed past from an impossible
angle and struck Berserker, who was in mid-air and had nowhere to hide, head on.
Hammer, axe and arrows pierced the inky black armor. A giant edge tool cleaved the body of the
double helix gun in half. The rocket that break even the cartridge dead on ignited the remnants of the 20mm
bullets, and blossomed into a giant crimson flower in the air. Berserker, taking a direct break even
from the fragments and ravaging wind, was blew away helplessly, drawing a parabola in the
air before falling into the river like a piece of rubbish.

Saber turned her head around, astounded, to see Archer standing loftily on the top of Fuyuki
card game arch. Illuminated by the brilliance of the Noble Phantasms that cover him, with
his back to the light, he let out a lascivious smile.
Alright Saber, let me witness it. Let this king declare your worth of your glory as a Heroic
Spirit.
Saber obvious had that thought in her mind too  she silently glanced at Archer, who was
speech act, and returned her sight to the river surface, and once again gripped the golden sword
tightly and readied her pose.
All obstacles have been eliminated. Right now, it is the time for the decisive battle.
Kiritsugu, who witnessed Berserkers departure, was sitting on the life boat that was
galloping towards safety, and aiming at one spot in the empty sky he shot out a flare. The
shout sulfurous flame was right above the line that connected Sabers current position and
the boat that Kiritsugu forsook.
Right there! Right under it!
Waver immediately saw the signal and yelled at the herald who was waiting for commands
beside him. The Heroic Spirit Metillius nodded and immediately disappeared, returning to the
inside of the enclose field where the king and his companions were waiting.
Before any words were to be said, the space that was eroded by the thoughts of the Heroic
Spirits returned to the shape it was meant to have. Firstly, an alien shadow covered the night
sky like a mirage, then its real influence emerged; the giant and ominous body then fall into the
water. That place was directly underneath where Kiritsugu shot the flare.
Following the reappearance of the body of water demon, Riders transport Gordius Wheel also once again
leapt into the dim night sky. Its scar-covered influence told of the degree of intensity of the battle
that was played out inside the Reality Marble, but his majestic and awe-inspiring flying influence
was not diminished at all.
Seriously! Why did we have to do all that Woah!?
Rider was about to stay on complaining, but he immediately realized what was going to
happen when he saw the strange light that Sabers sword was pulsing with, and did a sharp
turn to leave this dangerous area behind. On the other hand, Casters body of water demon wouldnt be
able to dodge so dexterously no matter what. The giant throbbing meat lump could do
nothing apart from cry to intimidate this unknown brilliance.

The time was ripe.
The King of Knights supply all the strength in her body into her wrists, which were grasping
the hilt of sword tightly, and lifted the golden sword up high.
Light was gathering.
As if decorate this holy sword was their ultimate duty, the light condensed endlessly,
blend to for a ray of blinding brilliance.
Beneath the brilliance of this intensive and clear light, no one could speak a single statement.
The figure of the hero that once illuminated the darkness of a battle-ravaged world blacker
than night.
Unyielding for ten years, undefeated in twelve battles, this peerless achievement, this
incomparable glory; they excel time and space, and will never be forgotten.
This stunningly brilliant holy sword is indeed the dream that all warriors throughout time
who have transfer away in battle have travel and longed for their entire life  the
materialization of all their prayers that was named glory.
Taking pride in rise this predetermination, change integrity to bar this belief, at this
moment the King of Knights loudly chanted out the true name of this miracle she held in her
hands.

Its name is
The Sword of Promised Victory Ex  caliber!!!

Light was galloping.
Light was shout.
The prana, change by the lend of the dragon, unleashed from its bondage, turned into a
streak of light. This torrent that supply forth sensitize up countless movement, and devored the body of water
demon together with the dark night.

Every single carbon atom that get up the body of the demonic giant monster, which existed as
terror materialized, were exposed to the scorching contact within the body of water water that
evaporated in the blink of an eye. The body of water demon then gave out a shrill tragic shriek.
But Caster, who was in the thick flesh-and-genealogy fortress in the center of the body of water demon that
was yet to be completely burnt to ashes, was just silently staring at this moment of
annihilation as if his body and mind were robbed away by that blinding light.


Yes  he had once seen this light in the distant past.
Back then, didnt he also pursue this light as a chessman?
That particularly vivid memory brought Gilles de Rais back to the distant past.
On the desire-awaited coronation ceremony of King Charles at the city of Reims, a ray of light
shone in from the colored windows of the church.
As if it was a blessing, that pure white brilliance gently enveloped the nations saviors who
stood in line at the side including Jeanne darc, Gilles, and all others beside. Everyone was
immersed in the happy tune of the Chemical Element Star.
Aaa, theres no mistake  it was that light.
Even now, he could still remember it vividly. Even today, when hes fallen to the destroy of
demons and beasts and did as much transgression as one can possibly do, the memories of that day did
not fade at all and bide carved deeply into the bottom of his heart.
Even if his end was stained and full of humiliation and revulsion and despised by all  no one
can deny that past glory, no one can change that glory, and it was still earth deep in his
own heart.
Something that even gods or fate will never be able to take away or stain
One tear streaked past his cheek. Gilles de Rais felt somewhat at a loss.
Just what was he confused with, and what did he miss?
Just remember the past and admit to his injury  wouldnt that be enough?

Just what, did I
Before this murmur that had no audience left his mouth, the white light brought everything
into another world.



Archer, standing on the high arch of the bridge and looking down upon all, couldnt help but
have a smile surface on his face when he saw this light of destruction that burnt and
eat all.
Do you see it, King of Conquerors? This is Sabers light.
Archer addressed the empty space beside him. Rider, who had just experienced a merciless
try, was letting the transport remove by divine bulls remain still in the air, and was gazing
dazedly at the ultimate light Excaliber was emanating.
Do you still not want to acknowledge her after witnessing that ray of light?
Rider snorted, reject Archers question. However, what was on his face as not despite or
mockery, but a solemnity as if he was looking out over a thing of tragic grandeur.
It was indeed because she become upon her shoulders the hope of every man of the time that
shes able to display such might  its painful precisely because it is so blindingly brilliant.
Who could have thought that the person carrying such a heavy weight is only a little girl who
liked to dream?
On the river surface, which the two of them looked down upon, Sabers slender body was
exhalation painfully due to the intensive battle to the death that had just ended. Rider only knew
what kind of heft was piled upon her young and delicate shoulders thanks to ending nights
quiz. For him, whose personality is open and straightforward, this kind of way of living is
absolutely unforgivable.
This kind of little girl is truly the final result of someone who discarded youthful story
and dreams, discarded love, and sunk into the eternal curse of ideals. It is truly painful, and
one cant bear to look upon it anymore.

This is exactly whats lovely about her, isnt it?
Different from the King of Conquerors fully melancholic expressive style, the golden Servants
smile was immeasurably obscene and did not hide his dirty desires at all.
The overly-mighty ideal that she harbored within her would burn her into nothing but ashes
at the end. Those tears that she would shed at her final moment I imagine it would be very
sweet to the taste.
Complacent, Archer let his imagination run wild. With a flick of his eyes, Rider gave him a
look of enmity.
It seems I still cant like you, Sumerian King of Heroes.
Oh? You only discerned it now?
This title get the sparkling golden Heroic Spirit jump fully into a smile.
What do you plan to do, Rider? Want to use brutal force right now to uncork your anger?
Although itll be quite a emotion to do that, tonight my strength would perhaps not live up to my
feelings if my opponent is you.
After Rider spoke the truth straightforwardly and with no exaggeration, he gave another look
at Archer and said scornfully: Of gathering, if you dont want to let the chance pass and insist
in fighting with me, this king would gladly do so at anytime.
No matter. I permit you to escape, King of Conquerors. I wouldnt feel satisfied if I dont
defeat you at the bodily property of your strength, anyways.
Hearing this self-possessed declaration from Archer, Rider lifted his eyebrows as if pulling a
prank.
Hmm? Hahaha. Though you say that, the truth must be that your personnel casualty caused by being
sunk by Blackie havent healed properly either, right?
All who cause the king need to die to feel their sin!
Seeing how the other didnt take the diversion well and that his twin red irises were full with a
killing intent, Rider tightened the reins of the divine bulls with a smile and increased the
distance between them.

Decide the victor next time, King of Heroes. The owner of the Holy Grail, I imagine, would
perhaps be the result of our battle.
The only ones who are worthy to obtain the Grail are the Heroic Spirits at the destroy of Businessman.
That is, one of the two between the King of Conquerors and the King of Heroes. Undoubtedly,
Rider himself still believed firmly in that point right now. The Heroic Spirit Alexander
smiled fearlessly and left the top of the arch of the bridge, and as thus galloped towards the
river bank where his Master was at.
What would happen at the end?... Rider, I still havent decided if youre the only one whos
worthy for me to grant the ultimate treasure to.
Archer, who was muttering to himself, had another Heroic Spirits in his heart. In terms of the
degree of attention he had, the interest of the King of Heroes was actually all piled upon her.
Tonight, witnessing with his own eyes that incomparable light lead the thoughts of the
primeval Heroic Spirit back to the distant past.

Once upon a time, there was a man.
He was a foolish and ridiculous fellow whom, despite having a body get of dirty and soil,
set his heart to stand shoulder to shoulder with gods.
Of gathering, his arrogance and disrespectful arrogance offended the gods in region. The man
suffered divine retribution and lost his life.
Even to this day, the King of Heroes still couldnt forget the way that he transfer away with
tears streaming down his face.
Why are you crying? The King of Heroes had asked. Could it be that, only now, you are
inform having move my side?
Its not that
He had answered.
Who would understand you after I die? Who else would walk forward by your side? My
associate when I think that you will live on all alone henceforth, I cant help but shed tears

Like so, when he saw that man taking his ending breath, the incomparable king realized  the
way that this man, who was human but wanted to surpass humanity, had lived, was even
more precious and more brilliant than all the treasures he had collected.
You fool who stretch your hand towards knowledge domain not of men There is only one person in
region or earth whos worthy of appreciating your destruction, and that is none other than I,
Gilgamesh.
Sink into my embrace, oh you glorious and illusionary men. That is my decision.
The golden majestic brilliance disappeared in the night mist, leaving only an transgression laughter
echoing desire after.

Act 11
-84:15:32
From the rooftop of the centre building of Shinto which was far away, Sola was observing the
figure of the giant body of water monster which was swallowed by a blinding white light and gradually
disappeared, in the night fog at the other side.
Her vision was already reduce in that fog, moreover from such a distance away, she could
not follow up the progress of the try with her naked eyes. She did not prepare any familiar
which could be immediately used for scouting purposes in this situation, so she had no choice
but to gaze at the riverbank at which the giant body of water monster and fighter jets were dancing
wildly, whilst worrying over it.
Anyway, the battle had apparently fill its first stage, but the Military Unit Seals on her
right hand was still there. That would mean that Lancer was still remaining in battle in good
health.
Thank God
Although she was being break even by strong wind of wind which act at the high windswept place,
Sola was relieved for now. Lancer would probably bring good news back soon. If his victory
was shared with other Servants, Masters apart from Sola would also receive the incentive of
additional Military Unit Seals, but that was something trivial. Now, she was happy at merely
regaining the three strokes of the Military Unit Seals binding her to her Servant.
If the noise of the stimulate wind was absent, Sola would probably sense the presence of an
attacker stealing up to her back unnoticed from the stairs earlier. Control with the
battlefield at the other side, she let her guard down. But for the lady who did not even have
the knowledge of self-defense, much less combat training, there is no way she could not be
charge.
Suddenly she tripped. Even after she ended up on the concrete floor with her face up, she did
not even have the time to grasp what had happened. She reflexively held out her right hand to
seek help, but it was grabbed by someone roughly. Nevertheless, that person obviously did
not have the slightest intention of better Sola, who had fallen. Instead, a blow of
excruciating pain struck her wrist.
Aaa

From the surface of her fine and slender wrist, like a broken tap, fresh genealogy gushed forth..
Sola stared at attentively in disbelief.
Her right hand was not there.
With just a blow, it was cut off cleanly. The digit and nails which she prided in and never
fail to take care, and also the Military Unit Seals which were more valuable than anything else,
disappeared altogether from Solas right arm.
Above the pain and the chill of losing her genealogy, the all the more desperate sense of loss dyed
Solas thinking pitch black.
Nongovernmental Organization, aaaa, aaaaahhhhhh! AAAAAAHHHH!!
Whilst letting out a madden scream, Sola crawled about on the floor, trying to find the
whereabouts of her disappeared right hand.
No! Itll be troublesome if I dont have THAT. I cant call Diarmuid. I wont be cared for by
Diarmuid.
Worse come to worst, she would spend all the strokes and military unit him to Love me!, and
that should be able to bind him. Thats why she was troubled at her right hand. Whatever the
case, even at the price of her life, she would get those Military Unit Seals
Nevertheless, no matter how much she searched on the cold concrete floor, apart from her
scatter genealogy, there was nothing else  After that, the tips of a pair of boots which were
indifferent-looking and not moving, could be seen.
In the midst of her weaken vision due to heavy losses of genealogy, still prostrate on the floor,
Sola looked up and saw an unfamiliar black-haired lady. Not even displaying any emotion,
much less pity, that lady expressionlessly looked down at Sola, who was going to faint.
handmyhand
With her remaining left hand, she grabbed the begum boots, clinging onto it  after which she
lost consciousness.

Without any lingering affection, Hisau Maiya shake away the female magus right hand
which she severed with all her might using a survival knife. Using proper methods, the

engraved Military Unit Seals left on her left wrist could probably be recovered, but because
Maiya did not have such technique at this time, it was completely valueless.
Maiya quickly tied the right wrist to prevent further loss of genealogy, after which she lifted the
unconscious victim onto her shoulder, and with her other empty hand, rang up Emiya
Kiritsugu with her mobile phone.
- Whats wrong, Maiya?
I have obtain Sola Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri at Shinto. The Military Unit Seals were cut off with
her right hand, but her state is not critical.
Okay. Leave that place quickly. Lancer would probably return soon.
Roger.
After getting the bare minimum conversation over with and cutting off the phone call, Maiya
dashed down the stairs quickly and reached the lower floor. In the homunculus remark bone
which was transplanted by means of Irisviels hands, there was still a dull pain since it had
yet to get into itself with her body, but as for her movements, there was no problem at all.
Thanks to that, just like before she was injured, Maiya trailed Lancer and his new Master, and
managed to intrigue the golden opportunity of capturing Sola during Lancers absence.
Sure enough, Kiritsugus conjecture was right, but as before, he still viewed Kayneth who
had lost his rights as Master, as the victim he should annihilate. Kiritsugus plan of action is to be
people against the ones who were chosen as Masters, even if they were to suffer their
Military Unit Seals.
His real intention for ordering Maiya to natural process Sola alive should be to question her about
Kayneths hiding place. The interrogation would certainly be a cruel experience for Sola, but
even if it were the case, there would be no sympathy or mercy from Maiya.
In the situation of men fighting against men, cruelty was not something uncommon. Even
Maiya herself understood that simple fact as it is, much less Kiritsugu.





The tranquility of late night accompanying the night streets of Shinto seemed so far away, as
funny wagon and patrol cars travel to and fro continually. To those people who rushed about

whilst flashing their emergency lights, they would probably not understand what situation
had forced them to rush about in the dead of the night, nor the entire situation of the situation.
Perhaps they would not understand it even during tomorrow or henceforth.
The shadow of a tall man in the clothing of a priest walking alone on the footpath late at night,
would sufficiently be a victim of questioning as a suspicious person under normal
circumstances, but tonight they were virtually worked to death due to receipt of successive
appeal for help and instructions for prevent, so there is no way they have the time to even
be concerned about an ordinary pedestrian. Amongst the patrol cars which transfer Kotomine
Kirei countless times, not even one paid any attention to him.
For Kirei who was silently hurrying back to Fuyuki Church, understand in a deep thought within
his mind, he did not spare any thoughts at all for the chaos of the city from which the remains
of the mayhem had yet to descend.
Always faithful to the instructions, obedient to the responsibilities, strict with his ethics. Kirei
had strived that hard until today. His perform were always above the need to be doubted.
Which is exactly why  this was the first time he had the confusion of not being able to
guess the meaning behind his actions.
Originally, Kirei would rush to Tsaka Tokiomis fights with the intention of providing
backup for his teacher  but the moment he saw that Tokiomis opponent was Mat Kariya,
Kirei chose not to join him as reinforcements, but merely to hide in the shades; an action
tantamount to derail.
It was certainly true that he knew the difference in strength between Tokiomi and Kariya, and
that the situation rendered things like resource meaningless in the first place. So even if he
was to only stand beside the try as a perceiver, one could say that his decision was in line
with his principles.
Nevertheless, his actions after that, were a carry through deviation from his duty,
The instant Tokiomi caused Kariya to fall from the rooftop of the housing, as if recognizing
it as a carry through victory, he did not even check his enemys corpse. Though half-shocked by
his teachers boldness, Kirei went to look for Kariyas body as a follow-up When he saw
that figure prostrate on the back alley not desire after, Kariya was still breathing.

Naturally, if he was the hound of the Tsaka camp, expel the final blow swiftly was an
obvious duty. In spite of that, the thing going to and from Kireis mind then, was the contents
of the conversation he had with Archer this morning.
If Kotomine Kirei wants to understand himself, not just Emiya Kiritsugu  no, prioritizing
over Kiritsugu, he should observe Mat Kariyas fate  that was the admonition given to him.
Generally, that was an unpleasant conversation. A diversion not deserving his time to be listened
to.
But still, with Tokiomi and Kariyas showdown before him, what on earth had caused Kirei
to choose the action of standing beside as a perceiver? There was no need for him to stay
there if he had decided that assistance was unnecessary. Wasnt it more meaningful for him to
seek the other Masters?
And then, the instant the flames Tokiomi created understand Kariya The thing which was on
his mind, wasnt it the feeling of dejection?
When he suddenly noticed what he was doing, Kirei had already begun direct
first-aid medicine magecraft onto Kariyas body. Carrying Kariya, whose state had
become stable despite in a deep sleep due to his actions, he left the battlefield, and left him in
front of the Mat residence whilst stealthily concealing himself from public gaze  That
happened about 15 minutes ago.
The fillet of the Military Unit Seals were still on Kariyas hand. Kirei did not watch the
battle at the Mion River until the end, but no matter how much injury was inflicted, Berserker
was apparently still alive.
Whilst covering the desire distance from Miyama Town to the outskirts of Shinto at a slow
walk, during that journey which transfer through Fuyuki City, Kirei was still distressed over
the self-question from which no answer came out  Why the heck had he done such a thing?
This was completely different from his buying and storing up wines of which the taste he
knew not. That was not an action completely take of benefits. Until now, Kirei had also
done secret things without Tokiomis approval, and also giving false reports repeatedly at
times, but those were not something which could directly obstruct Tokiomi. His hope of a
confrontation with Emiya Kiritsugu and Tokiomis possession of the Holy Grail  those were
not conflicting things.

Notwithstanding that, his prolonging the life of Mat Kariya who had been prowling after
Tokiomi as a nemesis, had unmistakably turned him into Tokiomis foe. A act of dishonesty with
no frank allowed. In the state of not even having a definite purpose, he had make
something preposterous. Tonight, Kirei had clearly crossed the line of being a loyal servant of
Tokiomi.
Although he was conscious of the gravity of his action, why did Kirei not have a tinge of
regret within his heart, but instead inexplicable exhilaration?
Archer  had he been tricked by that King of Heroes heroic spirit?
Compared to his walking feet, his mind was extremely worn out.
Suddenly, Kirei had a rare notion of wanting to conversation to his father Risei. While he is honest to
Kirei in all aspects, he is a father who would never be able to understand Kireis worries.
Nevertheless, come to think of it, didnt Kirei not have a heart to heart conversation with his father
before?
Even if he would end up achieve his father deeply disappointed, if he would just speak out his
mind without any fear  while his relationship with his father would definitely change, wont
that provide something completely new to Kirei?
With this vague anticipation in his heart, delay his worry for the time being, Kirei
continued walking into the night.

-82:09:51
To Father Risei, supervisor of the fourth Region's Feel, this was truly an extremely consume
night.
This was the second time he had assumed the office of supervisor of the Region's Feel, but
he had never imagine that a situation so difficult to deal with would become.
Precisely because of the large scale of the series of problems that had arisen, in order to
destroy evidence, not only the Holy Church, but even the Magi's Association was also
acting in secret. To both sides of these two large groups, the situation had already developed

to a point that - rather than argue amongst themselves and be their respective
department of influence, they had to prioritize on considering how to pick up the pieces.
On the surface, the strange incident not far from the Mion River was attributed to poisonous
physical condition produced by chemical reactions caused by industrial waste--this report could
temporarily victimize the public. The patrolling state truck was also constantly broadcasting
that inhaling the toxic aerosol could cause delusion, and that people living along the
bound should hasten to the hospital for treatment. Of gathering, all the creche that could
trait medicine at night had already been infiltrated by magi and Executors skilled in
brainwashing through the power of suggestion; they were currently anxiously awaiting orders.
It should be possible to thus destroy the majority of witness message, but not the source
of rumors.
The procedure for purchase two F15 fighter machines from Middle Eastern weapon
businessperson had just been fill; this was the result of the Quantify Tower playing the middle
man. Though it was a second-hand C-model smooth, at this critical point there really was
absolutely no time to take this into account. The two f15s, on which the flag of Japan had
been temporarily painted, would be delivered to the change air base; all that's left is to take
the opportunity to exchange incompatible parts, and then join the Work Unit-model fighter smooth.
The Altaic self-defence force was certainly a group restless with plan. A single fighter
smooth already cost over a billion yen, and now that a trouble admit losing two airplane
simultaneously had occurred, this truth needed to be annihilated no matter what. From this
point on, they could only use pre-prepared replacement airplane used as bait for negotiations,
and get the self-defence forces to take the responsibility of destroying evidence as well.
It was already late at night when the endless telephone negotiations finally stopped and he
could rest for a while, but Risei immediately remembered the guest waiting in the main corridor.
Sighing, he remove over a chair and began his work anew, continuing to carry out his duties as
supervisor.
"I am truly sorry to have get you wait. I have been rather busy tonight."
In Risei's voice there was an exhaustion that could not be earth.
From the dimly lit pews came the sound of somewhat artificial laughter.
"That's unavoidable. You have urgent matters to attend to."

A light, metallic make noise sound of the wheelchair's wheels rolling along accompanied that
laughter. The silhouette that emerged from the darkness bide supply.
The silhouette, so sicken almost as if he was a completely different person and could not even
stand to walk, was actually the once-famous prodigy Kayneth El-Melloi.
Who among those knowing his past circumstances would have thought that he would have
been reduced to such a state? But in his eyes was a strong willpower that could be called
irrational motive from which the stubborn, intolerant personality of the former prodigy magus could
be vaguely perceived.
Although Kayneth had block great physical wrongdoing that get it almost impossible to
re-establish his glory, he had more or less retained the use of his hands through the representative
of the El-Melloi clan, exchanging an astonishing sum of money in gratitude to make a deal
with a doll-maker residing in Japan, and through great difficulty had obtained the ability to
move freely within the quantity of the wheelchair's mobility. His left little finger, covered
in a thick layer of dress, had also regained its sense of pain.
"Father, regarding my application what exactly is the judgment?"
In contrast to the solicitous smile on his face, Kayneth's voice contained at least half an
meaning of threat. Those drug enthusiast were probably like this when the effects had worn off
and they were demanding consume from others before they went into breakaway. Risei gazed
steadily at the face of this former magecraft prodigy; his face indicate psychosis and confusion
that could not be concealed.
That things would reach this point was definitely not what Risei had hoped for. However, a
contract was ultimately a contract. Setting aside the consideration of the secret alliance with
Tsaka for the moment, it was necessary to learn what he preached for the honor of the
Church.
"... Indeed, in the crusade against Caster, Servant-Lancer played an important role; this has
also been verified in the report of the supervisor."
"That is to say, there is no doubt that I am eligible to receive a Military Unit Seal?"
"Though it is like that..."
Father Risei furrowed his brow, and glanced at Kayneth as if feeling something is
inconceivable.

"Of gathering, in accordance to the agreement it is necessary to give the Master of Lancer a
fitting reward... Mr. Kayneth, do you think I can regard you as a Master??"
A look of hatred momentarily appeared in Kayneth's eyes, but he immediately recovered his
demeanor that's people enough to be called gentlemanly.
"Regarding the contract with Lancer, I established it in the influence that it would be jointly borne
by me and my fiance Sola. I certainly do not have the intention of assert myself a
Master. The two of letter, Sola and I, are one Master."
"But now, are not both the supply of prana and the management of the Military Unit Seals the
undertaking of Miss Sola alone?"
Kayneth's grimacing expressive style was truly difficult to explain away as a gracious smile.
"Because of consideration for strategy, the Military Unit Seals have now been temporarily
transfer to Sola for duty. But the control over the contract with Lancer is still mine. If
you are suspicious, you may ask Lancer directly for confirmation. And most importantly, the
sheet on the application propose to the Church is mine alone."
Father Risei sighed. Even if he were to thrust deep into the matter, make objections on the
grounds of small and unimportant points, it would be meaningless. The true source of Riseis
headache was this unexpected situation of having to pass out Military Unit Seals to a Master
other than Tokiomi Tosaka. At this time, even if he were unwilling to add the Military Unit Seal
to Kayneth, at the end it would not be possible not to pass the Military Unit Seals that he's
reluctant to part with to his fiance. Even if Father Risei were to interact in the internal
conflict of the Archibald faction, it would be of no help to him.
"All right. I acknowledge your status as a Master. Come, sir Kayneth, please feel out
your hand."
With learn ability Risei traced the faded marks on Kayneth's outstretched right hand,
delegate one of the Military Unit Seals accumulated on his right wrist to Kayneth's hand.
There was not even any pain; the entire process was concluded in only a few minutes.
"Then please continue to try glorious battles as a Master"
"That is most certain."
Kayneth nodded, all smiles, then become out a handgun that had been earth in the seat of his
wheelchair, and aimed at the priest who had already turned away.

The dry sound of a gun firing broke the silence of the Corridor of God.
Kayneth did not even spare another glance for the old priest who had collapse down, and
stared transfixed at the picture of the Military Unit Seal carved on the back of his right hand.
Things had progressed to this point but he had only one... compared to the opponents who
had not used their Military Unit Seals, he was already in a disadvantaged position. And the
Masters of Saber and Rider had already obtained new Military Unit Seals; these circumstances
definitely could not be ignored.
The assassination of the supervisor would undoubtedly cause a stir, but in this Region's Feel,
there were magi other than himself who liked to use small deference such as firearm. The
primary suspect would thus be the filthy rat employed by the Einsberns.
Kayneth could not suppress the satisfied laugh that cover forth from deep in his throat. He
was immersed in the ecstasy of regaining his status as a Master. For the assassination of the
supervisor, an action that get the dignity and pride of Lord El-Melloi bob down to the
floor, he had no intention of self-reproach.



Immediately upon stepping into the chapel, Kirei felt the presence of death.
A faint stench of genealogy, and the remaining, even fainter odor of breathing. Certainly there had
been someone who had committed an unforgivably wicked acquiring in this house of God.
Though he did not sense any hazard, Kirei still walked in very carefully, passing through the
pews - upon succeed at the altar, he discovered the silhouette lying at the side.
"Father"
The cry that rose from his lips was weak. At the same time as discovering the silhouette of
Father Risei, the trained and keenly observant eyes of an Executor noticed the bullet hole in
his back and the topographic point of genealogy on the ground.
Kirei, in a state of carry through mental passivity, carefully examined the corpse of his father.

He remove up the right sleeve, checking the grammatical category of the Military Unit Seals his father had
managed. As expected, there was one less. Risei had given one of the Military Unit Seals under
his management to someone, and had presumably been falsify by this person soon after.
One of the Masters that had won merit in the process of the crusade against Caster had been
dissatisfied with distribution the credit with the others he had fought alongside, and had therefore
committed such a crime. There was essentially no need for analysis to be able to determine
the entire series of events.
But even a magus could not seize all the Military Unit Seals from the hands of the dead age group
priest. The Military Unit Seals managed by the supervisor were protected by holy prayers.
Without his approval, it is not possible to seize them through the use of thaumaturgy.
Father Risei, the only one who knew the secret holy words, was already dead; the Military Unit
Seals of previous Grail Wars preserved to this day could no longer be used.
That wasn't right; would Father Risei have permitted such a thing to happen?
Kirei lifted his father's right hand, discovering that there were unnatural stain on the
fingertips. They seemed to be marks get with friction. The dying Father Risei had
immersed his finger in the pool of genealogy, and must have left clues somewhere.
Since he had understood this, it was relatively easy to find the words in genealogy.
On the floor, the final will in red-black verbal creation was "jn424"-- one not of Christian faith might
think this to be a secret message of unknown meaning. But to Kirei, who had inherited Risei's
pious faith, the significance of this relative quantity was very obvious.
Customer 4:24. Without missing a statement, Kirei name those holy words stored in his memory.
"God is spirit, and his religious person must reverence in spirit and in truth"
As if in response, on the already cold right wrist of Father Risei, all the Military Unit Seals
simultaneously gave off a faint light.
Accompanying a jump of dull pain, the Military Unit Seals were transferred one by one onto
Kirei's arm. Speechless, Kirei stared at the light of the Military Unit Seals.
Undoubtedly, that was the faith a father had entrusted to his son.
Father Risei had believed that the first person to discover his corpse would definitely be his
son. Only so did he write down in genealogy a code that only one of the clergy could understand.
He had entrusted all the important duties of the supervisormanaging the Military Unit Seals,

guarding the Grail, direct the Region's Feel in the right directionto his son. He had truly
believed that his son was one who could bear these responsibilities; even in death, he had no
doubt of this.
He did not know that Kirei had concealed his newly-obtained Military Unit Seals, and had
already gained the right to be a Master
He did not know that his son had, on an electrical discharge, broadcast the reseed of disaster for his benefactor
Tokiomi
"!"
Suddenly feeling the tears falling from his cheeks, Kirei pressed his hands to his face,
stunned.
To shed tears in front of his father's corpse and ending wishesas a person, this was natural.
Even thus, at that time Kirei had been dirty in terror and confusion, as if almost falling into
the abyss of hell.
He must face all this directlyin his heart there was an authoritative voice telling him
thus.
The feelings fill up from your heart now, Kotomine Kireiyou must understand all of
this, must accept all of this. That is because
Tears.
When was the ending time he had shed tears? Now he still clearly remembered that it had been
three years ago. Using a hand to scoop up the falling tears, that woman had once said this:
"You love me."
The intrinsic ability in his heart to conceal oneself was staunchly blocking recollection.
He cannot turn back. He cannot reflect. The tears shed that day, the feelings held that time,
needed to be shake into the abyss of forgetting.
The answer he had once understood.
The truth he had painstakingly come to realize.

If it was because he had not faced this with an open heart and had thus adopted the method of
rejection that allowed him to maintain his current state -He could not comprehend the tears that flowed once more at all. The same feelings as at that
time were crying out to the sentiments that had been sealed away and sought for
understanding.
But heedless of these real number warnings, memories seeped continuously forth from the gaps
between the seals.
This time was very far from the be he had expected -- he had thought thus then.
At the side of the frail, dying woman, had Kirei not come to realize the thing which his
consciousness desired?
Wanting to     this woman
Wanting to see this woman even more
In deeply loving Kotomine Kirei and trusting himin this aspect, his father, and this
woman, did have something in common.
They are also the same in absolutely misunderstanding the universe of the person that is Kirei.
Precisely because of this, three years ago Kirei had constantly prayed like this in his heart...
In the moments before his fathers death, let him sample once again the emotion of the greatest
of the mortal world
"Just like those beasts who chase the scent of genealogy The soul pursues pleasure"
As if the red-like eyes that had been latent in the bottom of his heart, accompanied by that
sinister laugh, were quietly whispering.
Only pleasure is the influence of the soul-did he not speak thus? The universe of Kotomine Kirei is
also like this
"...O Lord... declare be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on region as it is
done on earth."

The familiar prayer he had to perform every day instantly exhaust forth from his mouth; this
might have been an instinct of self-improvement. In this way he returned to his role as a
clergyman, tightly binding a soul that was close to falling to pieces.
Forgive letter our continuing trespass, as we forgive those who wrongdoing against letter and lead letter not into
influence, but deliver letter from transgression Amen.
He sealed the cursed truth of the tears falling uninterrupted from his face to amnesia's
other shore. Kirei prayed for his father's fortunes in the next life, and get the sign of the
structure on his chest.

-72:43:28
"Youuseless fellow! Trash that only distinguish how to boast!"
Lancer could only quietly lower his head and silently endure the ferocious scolding.
"You were only to protect a woman temporarily. But you could not even do it; this is
preposterous! So this is the stuff a so-called chessman is get of!"
Kayneth was currently cursing, spit flying everywhere. But from the extent of disconcertment,
compared to Lancer who forgot himself out of shame, Kayneth was actually even more out of
things. Because of his naturally stubborn personality, now the extent of Lord El-Mellois
anger was provide with righteous indignation to the point of being fear-inducing.
Kayneth had obtained a new Military Unit Seal; satisfied, he had returned to the leave
factory that he used as a hiding place, and found that there was in fact no sign of Sola there.
Logically speaking, at this time she should already have ended the battle with Caster and
returned here. He had waited in a state of anxiety brought on by worry, and waited untilthe
solitary return of Lancer, whose expressive style was serious.
"Though it was only a temporary substitution, Sola was undoubtedly your Master, was she
not! You actually do not have the ability to guard her till the endwhy did you become a
Servant? How can you be so shameless as to return alone!"

"...I truly do not have the dignity to return."
"Then youin the battle with Caster, was it also your foolish childishness that encouraged
you to neglect the protection of your Master, focusing only on displaying that foolish heroism
of yours?!"
Lancer weakly shook his head. His natural beauty was twisted by sorrow; this meant that he
was also remorseful of this hateful outcome. But now Kayneth did not have the time to notice
this at all.
"Master, please allow me... Because Sola-sama and I did not make an official contract, we
cannot even feel each others presence...
"It is precisely because of this that you should have been even more careful, even more
attentive!"
Kayneth immediately shouted, cutting off his Servants explanation.
Usually for a Master and Servant who had get a contract, no matter which party had fallen
into hazard, it would be covenant to the other. In truth, in the Einsbern forest, it was in
this way that Lancer had saved Kayneth from the emergency circumstances.
But this time, because Lancer and Sola had in fact entered the battle without forming an
official contract according to the laws of contract thaumaturgy, Lancer had only protected
Sola out of his duty to Kayneth; this had also become a cause of the disaster.
In the end, by the time Lancer had ended the battle and returned to the rooftop of the building
in central Fuyuki, Sola, who had originally stayed there, had desire disappeared; only the
bloodstains scatter over the floor were any hint as to the seriousness of the occurrence.
The only thing that could be confirmed was that Sola was still alive. The prana supply that
allowed Lancer to remain in this world and that give him with the strength to act was still
flowing unobstructed into his body. Undoubtedly, she had been kidnapped, but the ringleader
did not appear to intend to take her life.
If it had been another Servant, perhaps it would be possible to sense her resemble location
by the path of the prana supply. But unfortunately, because the contract which Lancer had
get was not a standard onethe contractor and businessperson of prana were two different people,
his ability to sense the supplier of prana was clearly extremely weak. Even if he could
determine that Sola was still alive, but where the prana came from, he could not sense at all.

With no precede, searching for Sola in the city was almost like searching for a needle in the
haystack. In the end, he had had to return alone.
"Ahah, Sola... indeed I should not have transfer the Military Unit Seals to her... a magecraft battle
would truly have overloaded her..."
"In not advising Sola-sama otherwise, I am also responsible. But Sola-sama get that
decision purely because she wished that you, Sir Kayneth, could regain your standing. In that
case, no matter what, please"
Kayneth raised his eyes, clouded with jealousy, and stared at Lancer.
"You still have the animal disease to speak thus. Dont act stupid, Lancer, it must have been you who
encouraged Sola."
"You... why would you draw such a conclusion..."
"Hmph, stop pretending! In the stories of legend, you are fairly well known for change
and adultery. Were you not involuntarily intending to seduce your masters fiance?"
Kneeling on the floor with his head lowered, Lancers shoulders were shaking violently,
almost dangerously.
"My master, no matter what you must take back those words."
"Explosive, break even a nerve? You cannot endure this anger? In that case, you are intending to show me
your true face of ferocity?"
Kayneth continued to mock the Heroic Spirit who could barely control his own emotions.
"Youve finally slipped up. On one hand you swear eternal loyalty to me, speaking pretty
words; on the other hand, driven by lust, you betray me. You always spoke of nobility
with a proud expressive style; do you think that would be enough to inform mekayneth?"
"Sir Kayneth... you... why do you not understand my loyalty?!"
Lancers sobbed. The somewhat quivering inquiry was almost plaintive.
"All I wanted was to defend the honor I have always had! I only want to participate with you
in glorious battles! Master, why do you not understand the heart of a chessman?!"
"Stop saying these insolent things, Servant!"

Kayneth mercilessly snapped at Lancers plea with a ruthless expressive style. The suspicion of
and dissatisfaction with his Servant had at this point already transfer boiling point in his heart.
"Presumptuous puppet. No matter what you are only a Servant. You are only a shadow that
can stay in the real world through magical means! The glory and pride you speak of is only a
trick that the spirits of the dead use to demoralize the people of the world. Furthermore you are
actually insolent enough to the point of teaching your Master; know the limits to your
audacity!"
""
Because what Kayneth had said was too much, Lancer was speechless. Kayneth, seeing
Lancers expressive style, secretly felt a sadistic pleasure. Seizing the opportunity, he stretched his
right arm, on which the image of the Military Unit Seals had once again been carved, towards
Lancer; the magus proudly laughed loudly.
"If you are dissatisfied, then try using that pride and honor of which you speak to withstand
my Military Unit Sealshm, no match? This then is your true ability. The spirit and fortitude of
which you speak are not even worth commend in the presence of the Military Unit Seals.
Those are the real tricks of hand puppet such as Servants, then.
"... Kayneth... sir..."
Lie Kayneth who was loudly mocking him, Lancer weakly lowered his head, unable to
make any sort of rebuttal. The previous majesty of move the twin lances in the
presence of military leader had desire since vanished without a trace; whether from weakly slumped
shoulders, or the unfocused eyes staring at the ground, it was impossible to see any trace of
heroism.
Looking at his miserable likeness, Kayneth finally felt that he had vented all the grievances
he had been continuously accumulating, and felt slightly relieved.
Perhaps up till now, Kayneth had finally been able to establish his ideal master-servant
relationship with this Heroic Spirit. Though it was somewhat late; he should have been able
to, at an earlier timepreferably immediately after summoningcompletely strike down his
pride. If this had been done earlier, this presumptuous Servant would probably not have had
other intentions, and served him compliantly.
"Master."
After a desire silence, Lancer suddenly called to Kayneth in a cold voice.

"What is it? Is there anything you still have to say?"
"...That is not my intention. There appears to be something closing in on letter. It is probably the
sound of an engine equipped with an automatic drive."
Though Kayneth did not hear anything. But the hearing of ordinary people was greatly unable
to compare with that of a Servant.
A ambulance which, at almost daybreak, drove in this direction with this leave factory as
its victim, definitely could not be simply passing by.
Come to think of it, at the time of deciding this place as a stronghold, the camouflage
sorcery he had set up in the surroundings had almost reached the point of revealing
weak points... Kayneth sneered at himself who was no longer a magus, and appear a dry
smile.
"Lancer, go immediately to destroy it. Do not stay your hand."
"Understood."
Lancer nodded, immediately shifted into spirit influence, and disappeared.



According to the directions that Irisviel, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, was
giving, the Mercedes-Benz 300SL that Saber was driving had gradually left Shinto, moved
east, and come to a leave area.
"If you follow this road straight, on the left hand side there is an leave factory. There...
appears to be the stronghold of Lancer and the rest."
The location of the factory and the route to take had all been told to Irisviel over the phone by
Kiritsugu.
After the intense battle not far from the river, one could calculate that Lancer, who had left the
battlefield without a statement, would probably have returned to his Masters side. Upon hearing
that Kiritsugu had communicate feel of a report as to Lancers whereabouts, Saber proposed to act
immediately.

"Come to think of it... are you all right? Wouldnt consecutive battles be a great burden to
you?"
"No problem, Irisviel. On the other hand, I hope to be able to face off against Lancer
tonight."
After somberly inform this, this time it was Saber who flanked worriedly at the
passenger seat.
"You, on the other hand, Irisviel, are you all right? You did not look too well just now."
While operating the steering wheel, Saber looked at Irisviel beside her. Saber discovered at a
glance that Irisviels face was pale and bloodless, and that she was constantly rub cold
sweat from her forehead. Ever since leaving the riverside, she had been like this. Though she
was trying her best to hide it, observers could tell at a glance that she was exerting herself.
"... Dont worry, Saber. As desire as you are by my side...
Ah, look. That building. That should be it."
A desire time ago, when the city had not yet been represent as an surface residential area, this
was probably a place used for something like fell. The location that had been leave
by developing turn, forgotten by emergent grow streets, quietly stood in the heart of a
small hilly area exceed with lallang.
Slowly passing through the front door and into empty ground, Saber turned off the cars
engine. The surroundings were quiet; Irisviel, standing outside the car, warily eyed the
situation around, then nodded.
"Indeed there are traces of magecraft enchantments. But what is strange is that they do not
appear to be carefully managed; they are already showing flaws."
"No, it is this place. Irisviel."
Saber, who had communicate out of the car a little later, postulate with a calm expressive style. This highly
skilled swordswoman had probably desire sensed through sharp senses the scent of battle.
Indeedas if to be Sabers declaration true, in front of the silent leave land
suddenly appeared a handsome figure holding a lance.
"You were actually able to find this placeit must not have been easy, Saber."

"After investigating, mypartner told me this was your stronghold."
The statement Master had almost issued forth from her lips, but she ultimately had not said it in
the endthis indicate the note wave of emotion of which even Saber herself had not been
aware. Of gathering, in principle it was for the sake of concealing the reality of who her true
Master really was. But, the most fundamental reason was still that subconsciously, she did
not request to admit that Kiritsugu was her master.
Lancers expressive style was grave, very different from usual, hesitating for a desire time as if
evaluate words in his mind, then asking the visitor a question.
"Where is my masters fiance? Saber, you will not say that you do not know?"
Sabers and Irisviels expressions both turned troubled; they looked at each other.
"I do not knowwhat happened?"
"Nothing. Pretend I never asked."
Lancer sighed lengthily; the amount of relief it contained was far greater than disappointment.
Originally he had not plan to ask Saber this question. That the one who was his rival
would use such underhanded means as kidnapping a hostagejust thinking about it, Lancer
found it detestable.
"Come to think of it, Saber, are you all right? I do not think it was to chat with me that you
came here. But didnt you afford a lot of energy in the battle against Caster?"
"Regarding this, I think the other Servants are the same."
Saber transfer over the matter as if it were inconsequential. It was indeed as she had said; in
the battle with Caster at the riverside, every Servant had afford a great deal of prana.
"So I predicted that tonight no one would initiate an attack, instead taking the attitude
stanceprecisely because of this, there is no need to worry that tonights battle will be
inflict upon by people who have nothing to do with it."
Saber, whose entire body was overflowing with a calm fighting spirit, stepped forward. Her
slender, small body nevertheless interpret the press of majesty; this aura, accompanied
by the splendidly radiant armor formed of dazzling prana, enveloped her entire body.

"It is already almost dawn... There is still some time in the night; if this great opportunity
were to be missed, we do not know in which month of which year we will have another
opportunity to face off without a care. I do not think this opportunity should be missedwhat
do you think? Lancer."
Lancer, whose usually handsome expressive style had been lost to the worries of his heart, now
finally smiled slightly.
"Saber... now the only thing that can bring a cool and refreshing wind to my heart, is this pure
will of yours to try."
In reality, a while ago Saber had also been secretly surprised as to why Lancer had lost his
previous majesty. Until she had seen his smile and discovered that her worries were
unnecessary. A man with such a smile clearly did not require concern or worry of any kind.
That sort of smile was one that only people who had overcome all difficulties and were
steadfast in their beliefs could have.
Lancer brandished the red lance as if wishing to chase away all the worries and complain in his
heart; the point was directed at Saber.
Saber also released the Barrier of the Wind King; the precious golden sword was revealed
amidst the whirlwind. Lie Diarmuids Ge Dearg, using air pressure to conceal the blade
of the sword was meaningless.
And the most important thing was, the King of Knights believed that this rival originally from
another time but that she had coincidentally met in this world was a Heroic Spirit worthy to
accept the light of the sword in which she had accumulated all her glory that shone upon him.
The morning light was lucent, the sky a faint red; all the fighting spirits concentrated between
the two Servants was silently and anxiously on the offensive. If ones senses were especially
sensitive, just standing in the middle of the whirlpool of their decide would make one feel pain
as if having been break even; perhaps it would even induce a heart attack.
Every radiotelephone in Irisviels body shuddered with the anticipation of a lethal blow; to say nothing
of the aura, even the circulation of her genealogy was stagnated.
Thenboth set stepped forward at the same time with spirits majestic as the promise in
the sky, and the clashing sounds were clear as attack cloth.
The two heroes who had not had a chance to battle these three days, tonight finally had the
chance to face off; an intense battle would once again occur.

The situation of battle tonighton one hand was a re-legal document of the showdown at the
warehouses, but the battle of their fold swords was even more intense than the
firstfiercer, more direct, more final; it was a direct clash of strength on strength.
Between the two there was no need for mutual evaluation, nor the use of tricks to demoralize the
other. Lancer held only one lance right from the beginning; the blade of Sabers sword was
also completely revealed. Neither used means of story and tricks. Even faster, even more
imposing. After one get a move, the other would immediately retaliate at full strength with
a blow that would counter the first. A simple contest of ability, blade of sword against point of
lance, even more intense, even more white-hot.
The holy sword intertwined with the demonic lance, in direct body; the sparks flying
were simply dazzling. The clash between the precious americana of legend, driven by strength
and speed far beyond that of a human, transfer the speed of sound, nearing the speed of light.
Observation had desire since lost meaning in this momentous battle. Those divine skills,
pushed to the limits at the point of this fierce battle, were having a supreme contest between
the two.
An unknown grammatical category of rounds had been fought; perhaps tens of rounds, perhaps hundreds of
rounds. It was simply impossible to determine with a mortal eye. After the lance and sword of
the two clashed, they finally separated, and moved away from each other.
"Saber, you"
Lancer had just started speaking, but was unable to continue, his face an expressive style of
anguish and confusion.
Tonight, though Sabers swordplay had changed only slightly, but it was indeed boat in
strength than the first time and somewhat held back. Lancer would not have been unable to
notice this. This was not due to the expenditure of Sabers physical strength, but it was that
her swordplay itself had changed.
Saber held tightly onto her left thumb, tucked into her palm, in being not grasping her
sword. The remaining four digit were lightly wrapped around the sword; in controlling her
sword, her left hand was used only for support. When attacking, the strength of her left hand
was not used at all.
It had clearly been Saber who had move the initiative to pronounce her intention of lie off,
but she deliberately did not use her left hand, only using the right to feel the sword of gold.

Of gathering, Lancer understood the reason behind this.
Indeed, Lancer had once used the demonic lance Ge Buidhe to seal the strength of Sabers
left hand, but in the battle against Caster ending night, Lancer had destroyed the cursed yellow
lance, proactively giving up the advantageous lead. But Sabers pride would not settle for
accepting Lancers agreement, and so she intentionally did not use her left hand. This, then,
was an action of true chivalry.
Buteven that agreement that was noble enough to breathe instantaneous respectlancer
did not welcome this action from his heart.
If the action of casting away Ge Buidhe had caused Saber unnecessary concern.
From the final result, it meant that Lancers actions had check the enthusiasm of the
showdown between the two. It was a battle in which both parties did not have any regrets,
and used all their strength to face off, that Lancer had hoped for. If Saber had held back
because she could not put aside her consideration of the fairness of circumstance, Lancer was
truly somewhat uneasy about the battle.
"If you interpret, I will be very troubled. Lancer."
As if having guessed what Lancer was thinking, Saber shook her head with a stern but calm
expressive style.
"If I were to use my left hand, my shame would definitely slow my sword. Lie your
superb skills with the lance, this would be a fatal mistake."
"Saber..."
"So, Diarmuid, this is really the best strategy I use in order to put all my strength into
bringing you down."
Saber said resolutely, Holding the sword with one hand was indeed somewhat heavy; Saber
lowered the sword slightly, and assumed her stance.
Shining in her eyes was only an awe-inspiring, coolly clear will to try. There was no
carelessness, nor was there hesitation.
Perhaps to her, the extent of the injury to her left hand was only of secondary importance in
battle. Perhaps the most important contributor to Sabers ability to obtain victory was in the
clear fighting spirit and passion for battle that had been sharpen to purity.

To sever her confusion, she would rather give up her left handthe pride earth in her heart,
then, was her greatest weapon.
It is this in which the King of Knights is most noble.
Saber now undoubtedly had embraced the resolution of fighting to the death. She also wished
to face off with Lancer to her hearts content under conditions like theseafter
understanding her intentions, Lancer felt something intense and also generate, as if having
been shocked by electricity.
"Glory be from within the sword of the King of Knights. It is truly great that I have been
able to meet you."
The path that the two anticipated was the same.
If it was a narrow bridge on which it was not possible to give way to each other, the person
who become a step first must be respectfully seen off from behind by the other who had fallen
back.
Precisely thuswas this without worry, without entertainment, in which lives were try, the
exploration and pursuit of lance and sword, a battle of true worth.
The expressions of the two were both extremely anxious and serious, but at the corner of their
lips hung the hint of a smile.
"Head chessman of the Knights of Fianna, Diarmuid ua Duibhneattacks!"
"That is well. King of Britain, Arturia Pendragon meets battle!"
The two closed in once again, white blades clashing, sparks flying; from its midst could be
seen the emotion of those to whom battle is the meaning for their living, shining brightly.

-72:37:17
Kayneth hid in the shadows deep inside the leave factory and gazed at the situation of
the battle outside. The thoughts in his heart, logical relation to the incorrupt preparedness of those
knights, were only boiling with anxiety.

Since the victor bide desire undecided, he was getting more fidgety by the second with
those anxious feelings.
Why couldnt he win?
Although Saber underestimated Lancer so much, why would Lancers transfix still be unable to
break even Saber?
The answer became very clear upon some careful thinking  that is, Lancer is very weak, far
more follower to Saber.
At this moment, he regretted profoundly for not getting the Heroic Spirit Alexander.
It would never have turned out like this had he get the King of Conquerors his Servant as
he had previously planned. Having his Holy Relic stolen at the crucial moment, he had to
summon Diarmuid as a substitute in a hurry. As desire as a first-rate, authentic Master such as
himself is present, those small disadvantages can be amended even if the ranks of the Heroic
Spirit were lowered. The parts that the Servant need in will be amended by his own talent;
Lord El-Melloi did indeed have such a fearless asana.
However, right now, having lost his Magic Circuits, Kayneth had desire lost his previous
confidence. In order to survive this war with his flatfish remaining Military Unit Seal and an
follower Servant, he had to be even more prudent than before.
When there is no definite chance of victory, the right thing to do would be to immediately
escape with the Master. Although he hadnt communicate around asking how Lancer managed to
suffer Ge Buidhe, the chances of victory against Saber became even more elusive after her left
hand had healed.
Right now wasnt the time to stick to battles; Lancer should have other duties needing to be
rate over this. It would be impossible for the current Kayneth to search and save Sola
by himself. It simply cannot be done without ordering his Servant.
But  just how stupid is that Lancer? Cant he even realize the sternness of such a situation?
Carve, Kayneth scratched his head repetitively. How great would it be if he could use a
Military Unit Seal right now! Why did he just have to have only one Military Unit Seal by his
hand? It was such a pity for Sola to take away two Military Unit Seals. If only she was able to
trust Kayneth
Right then, Kayneths neck suddenly felt an unnatural motion of air.

A piece of paper fluttered down beside him. It was an extremely ordinary piece of writing paper,
but Kayneth fixed his eyes on the few concise words on it with a deadly gaze.

If you dont want your beloved one to die, then quietly look behind you

Stunned, Kayneths eyes widened, and he moved the wheels of the wheelchair to change the
direction his body was lie. Deep inside the pitch-black leave factory, the light
average in through a skylight illuminated one single place like a bring out.
The outlines of woman, lying on the floor as if deep asleep, emerged out of the dim and cold
light.
!
Kayneth would never mistake those features no matter how dim the light is or how far the
distance becomes.
Although the pain and haggardness on Solas steel-grey face indicate that something had
evidently occurred, the necklace of hair beside her mouth move as if blown by a breeze. That
was the proof of her breathing. She was still alive.
Kayneth forgot the warning on the paper and almost cried out despite himself. Then, like a
apparition surface out of the darkness, a human figure stepped into the weak light and indicate
himself.
An old coat, those untidy hair and listless facial hair, and only those pair of eyes, different
from the gloomy countenance, fierily emitted a razor-sharp light  that unforgettable man, the
only one who had cruelly torn apart all the Magic Circuits in Kayneths body, that hateful
follower of the Einsberns.
He had probably transported the unconscious Sola in quietly from the back door during the
gap formed while Saber and Lancer concentrated in fighting each other. The barrel of the
submachine gun in the mans hand aimed steadily at Solas forehead.
It just has to be that bastard
Kayneth had experience that snake-like cruelty and seamless prudence first-hand. Compared
to anger and hatred  a deep despair that far surpassed all other emotions get him hang his
head powerlessly.

It really was the worse situation he could think of. The woman he loves was captured by the
most difficult enemy that he didnt even want to imagine.
However, just before he sank into a panic, the voice of reason stopped Kayneth.
There must be some purpose for that man to deliberately show himself and let Kayneth
confirm Solas prosperity.

Kayneth turned his head and copy a glance at Lancer, who was fighting with all he had in the
leave empty area. Judging from the two Servants position in battle, Solas location was
a dead spot that they cant see. The two of them were both bent on dealing with the strong
enemy in front of them, completely ignorant to this new invader.
Kayneth couldnt calculate what the man wanted, so he silently inclined his head, showing his
intention of obeying the others request.
The man become a roll of vellum out of his coat and copy it into the air after casually opening it.
Although the weight of vellum cannot be compared to the notepaper beforehand, simple
manipulations of air was enough to make it scat with the wind. Like a jellyfish, the vellum
floated across space slowly and leisurely, and landed on Kayneths knees.
Although others would only perceive this as some meaningless figures and well-get
patterns the things recorded on it was, for Kayneth, a perfect magecraft document written in a
divide that he was familiar with.
Only that the content was very rarely seen.

Binding magecraft: Victim  Emiya Kiritsugu
The Crests of the Emiya family hereby military unit: Give that the following conditions are
met, this oath shall become a doctrine and bind the victim without exception.
Oath:
To the interval head of the Emiya house, Kiritsugu, son of Noritaka: regarding both Kayneth
El-Melloi Archibald and Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri, all intentions and actions to kill and
harm shall be forbidden for all eternity.

Conditions:


!
Self-Geis Round Shape  one of the most merciless contract magecrafts that would only be used in
the treacherous society of magi when a contract that absolutely cannot be refuse was to
be get.
It is an enforced curse that forcibly uses the serve of ones own Magic Crests upon
oneself. Theoretically, it has a power that cannot be delete by any method. Even if the caster
lost his life, the Magic Crests would bind the soul of the dead man and would not pass down
the generations. It is a very dangerous magecraft. For magi, a negotiation that absorb offering
such a declaration would in fact mean a maximal agreement.
Although it wasnt something Kayneth often saw, it was indeed proper in the way it was
written, with no ambiguity. The sheet get with the genealogy of the bridge player himself was
evidently pulsing with prana, showing that the spell was already established and was
currently excavation.
That is to say  when the conditions recorded in the bottom half of the declaration is fulfilled,
that man  Emiya Kiritsugu will give up a part of his free will, and the contract will be
confirmed as an unbreakable curse.
Holding the vellum with shaking hands, Kayneth read the conditions to establish the contract
over and over. As if hoping the contents would change the next time he have it, he
stubbornly contemplated those words repeatedly. He bent his entire will to consider if the
contents left any gaps that may influence contradictions.
However, different from Kayneths wavering thoughts, the most logical part of his heart had
already accepted his own die. The possibility that his beloved woman and himself may
return to their homeland alive  at this moment, isnt that his greatest request?
If he hesitated a few more moments, Emiya Kiritsugu would probably pull the trigger. After
the first bullet become away Solas life, the barrel would definitely point at Kayneth himself.
There were no choices for him. Whether to suffer everything or to regard that declaration as his
ending hope of life that was the only difference.

With a dim and blank look as if he was an empty shell, he looked at the final Military Unit Seal
on his right hand and then gave the final unbreakable military unit as Lancers Master.

Without a sign, without a reason  brilliant vermillion backscatter all over the earth.
Everyone appeared to be equally shocked. Saber, Irisviel, and even Lancer himself widened
their eyes at this overly abrupt end  Lancers own shock should probably be the most intense,
since he had not a sliver of expectation or preparedness for that agony and despair.
Dazed, Lancer gazed at the crimson flowers that dripped from the red transfix rod to the
ground. No matter how, he could not believe that it was all his own genealogy.
His own beloved transfix pierced his heart. It was no one elses but his own two hands that
forcibly stabbed the transfix push into his own body.
Of gathering, it wasnt his intention, nor was it his request. What his crimson transfix was supposed
to pierce was Sabers heart, and what was supposed to pierce his own heart should have been
Sabers holy sword.
Able to rob everything away from him at a whim, regardless of his fighting spirit or beliefs
no such great power exists apart from Military Unit Seals.
Because Lancer was overly focused on the duel with Saber, he did not notice the written agreement
secretly sealed in the dim leave factory beside him until the end.

Use up all the Military Unit Seals, and let the Servant finish himself  that was the required
state within the Self-Geis Scroll Emiya Kiritsugu brought up. He demanded Kayneth to
use up all the Military Unit Seals and completely destroy the Servant  a total retreat from the
Holy Grail War.
Ah
Crimson tears flew out of Lancers wide eyes.
For him, it was already the second time to be murdered by his lord. It was precisely because
Diarmuid ua Duibhne was bent on overcoming that unhappy end that he wished so strongly
to return to this world from the Throne of Heroes. However, the end that he received was a
replay of that tragedy  he only experienced that despair and sorrow once again.

The Heroic Spirit looked behind him with eyes wet with genealogy and tears. Just then, two
Masters walked out of the leave factory to witness his end. They were Kayneth, sitting
on his wheelchair with an empty and dazed expressive style and another man, who stood and
carried Solas comatose body in his hands. He was the anonymous true Master of Saber that
he saw at Einsbern mansion.
Do you so
Kneeling in a pool of his own genealogy, Lancer tried his best to speak with a hoarse and low
sound.
Do you want victory so much!? Do you want to win the Holy Grail so much? Even
willing to trample on my only true request you, dont you feel ashamed!?
His beauty twisted with genealogy and tears, changing into a completely different countenance
akin to a demons. Lancer, forgetting everything except hatred, no longer distinguished
between associate and foe. Thinking of Kiritsugu, Saber, and everything in the world, he roared
out a growl of vengeance that tore at his heart.
Unforgivable Ill never forgive you! You dead men who are slaved by fame, and
assail the glory of knights let my genealogy stain that dream! I curse the Holy Grail! I
curse that your wishes will become disasters! When you fall into the cooking wash of hell, do not
forget my, Diarmuids, anger!
While he gradually lost his material body and crumpled as a hazy shade, he screamed curses
until the final moment when he disappeared. There was no longer the glorious figure of a
Heroic Spirit, but only an transgression spirit shout with resentment. Servant Lancer had finally been
completely eliminated.

As if at a loss, Kayneth gazed at the blank space left by Lancers happening. Casually,
Kiritsugu placed Sola, who was still deep asleep, on his knees. As Kayneth softly caressed
the haggard sleeping face of his beloved, he asked Kiritsugu with a weak voice.
Then your social control has been?
Ahh, its established. Its already impossible to kill you
Kiritsugu slowly moved back as he become out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it  maybe that
was the signal.

For me, that is.
While Kayneth mumbled in a low voice Hisau Maiya, who witnessed everything in the
shadows far away, silently remove the trigger of the Steyr AUG assault rifle.
Kayneth and Sola were captured by the aim of the night vision scope and were mercilessly
exposed to a rain of automatically-fired bullets. For the two of them, who have lost the
protection of Volumen Hydragyrum and had no Servants left in service, the 5.56mm
high-speed bullet rain of sacrament was an inescapable gale of death. In the savage power of
the bullets that they had so despised in the past, the magus and his fiances bodies were torn
in pieces and fall to the concrete ground.
He only doubted if the magecraft of the Self-Geis Scroll was modify with, but missed the
trap earth behind the meaning of the important contract. That finally become away the fate of
the genius magus.
Uuu Ahhh!!
Perhaps Sola, who died from the bullets without pain, was the luckier one. Tragically, even
after he was transformed into a sieve and fall down from the wheelchair, Kayneth still
bide breathing. He had been dealt many fatal personnel casualty all over his body and had no more
hope of surviving. However, even if he had only seconds left to live, it would be a cruelly
desire time if it were to be transfer by enduring the pain and agony of death.
Ahhh Kill Kill me
Sorry, that is a contract I cant fulfill.
Kiritsugu ignored the weak plead sounds beside his feet, and replied with a nonchalant
voice as he exhaled the purple breathing that he had breathed in.
The sound that sobbed with pain didnt go on. Saber couldnt bear to stay watching and used
her sword to cut off Kayneths head, be his pain.
At the end, the King of Knights sword did not fulfil the promise get with Lancer. On the
logical relation, it ended up far from faith and glory, and was stained with the genealogy of be the
pain of someone already wounded without hope.
Emiya, Kiritsugu

The azure irises burned with a cold fire. They were not eyes used to look at friends, nor was it
a sight used to face friend in a broader sense. Identical to when she faced Casters
madness and Archers arrogance, it was a look sharp as a blade used to pierce those that she
had recognized as enemies.
I finally understand it now; youre a man without motivation. I had originally thought that even
if our paths contrast, our game equipment are the same; but I was far too foolish
Kiritsugu still bide silent. There was already no need to answer. It was because the
actions that Saber just witnessed were absolutely transgression.
Up till now, Ive believed in Irisviels words and never doubted your character. However,
even if a man like you now says that youll save the world with the Holy Grail, I wont
believe a statement of it anymore.
Answer me, Kiritsugu! Did you victimize even your wife? Just what is the true reason that you
seek the omnipotent request-forgive vessel?!
---
Kiritsugu  although his eyes stared at Saber as if irritated, the mouth that held a cigarette still
didnt speak a statement. It was a gaze used to look out at a wildly strip stray dog. It merely
contained a decisive separation that gave up trying to understand each other using words from
the start.
Within Sabers heart, there was already a calm and resolute decision that almost said he must
be killed.
Maybe, at the end, the only thing left between her and this master would be to face him with
her sword. Even if that will be prohibited by the Military Unit Seals, this obvious enmity cannot
be changed. This might be the largest injury in their camp during the War of the Holy Grail.
However, no matter what, as desire as shes with Emiya Kiritsugu, it is very probable that she
wont be able to obtain the Holy Grail that she truly wishes for.
Even if my sword does win the Holy Grail, if I am to entrust the Grail to you, then I
That sunset over Camlann cover past Sabers eyes. The request earth in her heart get her
words blur at the end.
A sound from behind her interrupted that painful pause.

Answer me, Kiritsugu. No matter what, this time you have the obligation to explain.
Even Irisviel, who trusted her husband completely, couldnt help but raise her voice in her
question.
Different from Saber, she fully knew the way her husband thinks and understood him.
However, there was a vast difference between the beliefs expressed in words and the stunning
real actions before her eyes.
She already had a cold apprehension that said could it be? in her heart when Lancer
questioned her about Lord El-Mellois fiance back then. However, the conscience in her
heart denied that probability. No matter what, for him to do something of that degree
At the end, even as his wife, Irisviel had underestimated Kiritsugus ruthlessness.
Speaking of, this is the first time you witnessed my method of killing, Iri.
Changing from the silence that hes record until know, Kiritsugu answered with a dry
voice. The dim and cold look that he gave to Saber decrease back shyly with shame as he
turned to Irisviel.
Nah, Kiritsugu. Dont speak to me, speak to Saber. She needs to conversation to you.
No, Ive make nothing to say with that Servant. Theres nothing to be said to a killer
controlled by glory and honor.
He fearlessly spoke words that insulted Saber while maintaining a front of speaking to Irisviel.
Of gathering Saber would not leave it alone.
Dont you dare to humiliate chivalry in front of me, you beast!
Even if faced with the angry utter of the King of Knights, who raised her brows in rage,
Kiritsugu stayed steady as a rock. He still paid no attention to Saber, fixing his gaze on his
wife instead. However, at this time, he finally started to spill his words out endlessly.
Chivalry cannot save the world. It was so in past histories, and it will be so in the future.
Those guys promoted the idea that there is a difference of good and transgression when it comes to the
method of battle, and acted on the battlefield as if they have pride. Just because all the heroes
of the property were cover with that illusion, how many youths do you think was deceived by
the glory of such spirit and finally treat to their deaths?

Thats not an illusion! Even if its a matter of life or death, as desire as it is the action of
humans it must have rules and beliefs that allow no violation. Morality must not be lost!
Otherwise, the endless flames of war will once again turn this world into hell at the end!
Saber rebuked righteously. However, Kiritsugu snorted in derision.
See, just like so  just like you said, Iri. This great Heroic Spirit dares to think that the
battlefield is better than hell.
What a diversion! No matter in what era, the battlefield has always been a veritable hell. In the
battlefield, there is no place for hope. What lies there is only cold despair and a sin called
victory, built on the pain of the defeated.
All those people who met there have wholeheartedly admitted the transgression and foolishness of this
act called war. As desire as people dont repent and dont regard it as the most transgression taboo,
then hell would endlessly appear in the world.
For Saber, who only know the utterly cruel, emotionless Kiritsugu, it was the first time she
saw Emiya Kiritsugus other side  a man almost crushed by endless anguish and sorrow, his
actor's line that was close to lamentation.
However, humans did not realize that truth no matter how high they kill their mountains
of corpses. Thats because in no matter what era the courageous and fearless great heroes
have always bedazzled the eyes of the multitude with their splendid heroic legends. Because
of the wistful actions of those mongoloid and their refusal to admit that bloodshed is by itself transgression,
the essence of humans has stayed on the same spot since the Stone Age!
Just who was the victim of the rage filling those pair of eyes  that was already clear without
the need to explain.
Ever since the day that the flames of war started on the land of Fuyuki, Kiritsugu had
probably began looking at the shining figures of the Heroic Spirits before him, those who
prided in spirit and resolution, with that unendurable rage in his heart.
Those who left such heroism, and those who longed for such heroism; the anger directed at
them and with nowhere to let out it was a hatred toward the overall idea of Heroic
Spirits that was created due to the prayers of men.
then Kiritsugu, your humiliation of Saber was it because of your hatred towards Heroic
Spirits?

How could it be? Id never aggregate in such personal emotions into it. I need to win the Holy
Grail and save the world. I am only using the most suitable method in the calculate of
fighting for that goal.
If he had fought as he had planned before, and if he didnt natural process Sola but killed her
immediately then Lancer, whose supply of prana would be completely stopped, would
naturally end. However, what Kiritsugu employed was a strategy that completely
removed the possibility of a Servant, having lost his master, forming a contract with someone
else and returning to the battlefield. Based on the result of the battle against Caster he
predicted that Kayneth, who was protected by the Fuyuki Church, may obtain extra
Military Unit Seals. Therefore, he prepared such a twisting and complicated trap.
Relying on the Military Unit Seal of the rival Master to destroy the Servant, and then take out
the Master, a carry through removal of the obstacle during that time, what he demanded from
Saber was not to win over Lancer but to disturb Lancers attention while Kiritsugu persuade
Kayneth, acting only as a decoy.
The world as it is, the human universe as always, it is impossible to destroy battles. In the
end, killing is necessarily transgression. If so, it is best to end them in the maximum efficiency and at
the least cost, least time. If you want to slander that as foul and dehumanize that as nasty, then do
as you request. Justice can not save the world. I have no interest with things like that.

Saber recalled Lancers final, disappearing eyes provide of anger. Then, she stared at the tragic
remains of the man and woman, collapsed in a wade of genealogy, and the expressive style of anguish
carved on their faces, and spoke.
Even so, you
As Saber was about to speak her thoughts, she suddenly found that her own voice was lower
and calmer than she thought it would be. She had just realized that her complicated emotions
towards Kiritsugu was no longer her previous anger, but had to changed to some kind of pity.
Thats right; maybe he is a man that should be pitied.
Isnt he himself that needed salvation, not this world?
Emiya Kiritsugu, I dont know what kind of betrayal you were subjected to in the past and
why you despond. But that rage, that lament, are undoubtedly things that those who travel
justice possesses. Kiritsugu, in your youth you should have wanted to be a hero of justice.

You should have believed in and wanted to become a hero who keep the world more than
anyone else  isnt that so?
Until now, the only cognition Kiritsugu had shown to Saber were carry through ignorance and cold
scorn. But now, Kiritsugu, having heard Sabers quiet questioning  the eyes that he fixed on
his Servant indicate other emotions for the first time.
It was a rage seemingly close to boiling over.

The sound of car exhaust disturbed the silence of dawn. Then, the small truck that Hisau
Maiya drove entered the yard of the leave factory with bright headlights on. She should
be here to take Kiritsugu back to Shinto after end her duty as a sniper.
Kiritsugu become his eyes off Saber and walked towards the small truck, not even turning
around, and opened the passenger side door. Saber was still speaking to his back. There was
something that she had to say no matter what.
Kiritsugu do you understand? If you commit transgression due to your hatred of transgression, at the end all
thats left will be transgression. The rage and hatred that sprouted forth there will cause new wars once
again.
Faced with Sabers heavy words, it was as if Kiritsugu had the intention to reply for the first
time and wanted to turn around  however, he changed his mind at ending, and said while staring
at the empty air.
I will stop the endless pass. Thats why I need the Holy Grail.
Indeed, as if talking to himself, he said loudly.
Ill use this miracle to carry through the group action of this world, the revolution of all human
souls. I will make the genealogy shed within Fuyuki city as the final bloodshed of all human
equate.
For that, even if I am to carry all the evils of this world  it wont matter. If that can save
the world, then Id gladly accept it.

Kiritsugu spoke the decision in his heart with such a aplomb and regularity that even Saber
could not find any words to reply to him.

Even if his method and path were unendurably transgression  his faith in seeking the Holy Grail was
pure and selfless. She had to admit that if there was a Master in the war worthy of obtaining
the Holy Grail, then he would undoubtedly be Emiya Kiritsugu.
Wordlessly, Saber watched the departure of the small truck that Kiritsugu rode. The first ray
of dawn shone beside her. The dark night that get Fuyuki into a demonic realm had
departed, and the streets once again put on the mask of ordinary beneath the sunlight.
Is Kiritsugu gone already?
Irisviel?
Since Saber had the time to think about the unfamiliarity in the question, she was unable to
immediately detect Irisviels strangeness.
That empty and wondering gaze, the pallid face, and the sweat pouring down from her
forehead like a waterfall
She was probably just forcing herself while she was beside her husband and pretended that
there was nothing wrong. Irisviel fainted as soon as she relaxed, and collapsed as if she was a
puppet cut loose from her sequence.
Although Saber immediately moved up and held her, the strange heat average from the
slender body in her arms get her realize that Irisviel was already in a critical state.
Irisviel!? Hang on!



From the resolute and bold way that Emiya Kiritsugu declared his predetermination so loudly
that morning, it could be seen that they were truly words from his heart without any contradiction.
But just what those incredible, ominous words meant at the end  Kiritsugu finally
understood it clearly a few days later.
In a despair even deeper than despair.
In a regret even deeper than regret.

Act 12
-65:49:08
Mat Kariya had fallen into a pitch-black dream.
He could see nothing.
He could hear nothing.
Only his skin could feel the shockingly dense pressure of the darkness.
Where, is this  here seemed to be inside causal agent body.
Therefore, Kariya asked the darknesswho are you.
As if with a suffocating pressure, the darkness utter low. Like the angry cry of stormy
travel; like the sky had fallen and the earth had cracked.
"I am
The transfer
The debunk
The despised"
The dense black shadow that moved within the darkness was like a human shape poised to
attack.
The bones and skull immersed in the pitch-darkness.
The pair of bright eyes even more terrible than the darkness.
Berserkerthe demonstration of Mat Kariyas curse, no, the Servant his hatred had called
from the ends of time.
"No need to praise my name
No need to desire my body
I am the shadow under the radiance of heroic spirits

Calve of the darkness of glorious legend"
Like a miasma that rose forth from underground, the sound of sound of hatred wrapped around
Kariya from every direction.
Kariya began to feel uneasy; just as he was about to turn his gaze, the icy touch of metal
gauntlet gradually come, catching mercilessly on Kariyas cover.
Thus was Kariyas thin body lifted into midair, before Berserkers eyeshe was fixed in a
position where he could not but meet that crazed gaze.
"And so
I hate
I stew
Feed by the sighs of the people effect within the darkness, people that curse the
light"
"..."
Kariya struggled against the gauntlets mercilessly locked around his throat, utter in pain.
In his eyes, yet appeared another indistinct and confused scene.
A sword shining bright light, and holding onto the hilt, a radiant young warrior.
This person was not a stranger to Kariya.
That was the Einsberns Servant  Saber...
"This is my disgrace
Because of her unsullied glory, I must forever be talk down"
The Black Chessman's helmet cracked apart.
The face revealed was shrouded in darkness, but that pair of fiery eyes, and the teeth
trembling from suffer, could be clearly seen.
"You are, the sacrifice"

He pronounced coldly, embracing Kariya without another statement, coldly flashing sharp teeth
piercing into his jugular.
Kariya screamed in agony.
But this scream could not move the other. The berserk Black Chessman sucked at the genealogy
seeping from Kariyas throat, and swallowed heavily.
"Good, give me more
Your genealogy and flesh, your life
Let them arouse my hatred!!"
No...
Stop...
Save me!
Kariya used all the words he could think of to hedge condonation, hoping there would be
someone to extend a better hand, but in this darkness, it was impossible for him to obtain
salvation.
A miasma of red cover intermittently before his eyes, consciousness demoralize by pain
and fear gradually becoming foggy.
But he still squeezed out the ending remaining bit of strength, and cried out in his loudest voice.



Arouse with a upset cry, he was still within the darkness.
But even thus, the stench of decay given out by the ice-cold and dampen air, as well as the
hair-raising sound emitted by thousands of worms crawling, still told him clearlythis was,
without question, the real world.
"..."

The dream of just now, compared to reality, exactly which world seemed more merciful to
Kariya
At least, from the one fact of being able to forget that this body was about to die, perhaps
remaining in the world of dream would be happier.
By exactly what miracle heburned and having fallen from the rooftop of a buildinghad
been saved, and how he had returned to the underground worm storage of the Mat residence
again alive, was now impossible to understand through his memory alone.
His limbs felt weaken, but he knew that he was chained to a wall, his hands restrain. He could
not stand on his own feet; his shoulders, supporting the weight of his entire body, ill health as if
they were about to be torn from their sockets. But compared to the pruritus of the worms covering
his body, it was not even worth commend.
The worms licked at burnt skin, and under that skin was new skin colored chromatic color. It looked as if
the burns were currently healingthough the reason was unknown.
It looked as if the Crest Worms plan to use Kariyas body as a seedbed to extend his life.
But this was completely useless. In order to re-increase the skin, prana had already been forcibly
eat; the few days of life left in Kariyas body were also about to dry up. He could
clearly feel that even the simple action of drawing a breath and then remove it was
depleting his strength.
Very soon, he would die-At the same time he understood that he was absolutely unable to put up resistance, Aoi and
Sakuras faces were constantly flashing in his mind.
He had once vowed to save them with his life as the price but in the end, his request had not
been fulfilled. This disgrace and shame tortured Kariyas heart even more than the pain of his
body.
Remembering the faces of the people he loved, but immediately after, the indifferent
expressive style of Tsaka Tokiomi and the sneer of Mat Zken invaded his heart, pressed onto
him until he could not breathe.
"Bastard"
From the depths of his dry throat, Kariya cursed angrily with all the strength he had left.

"Bastard... bastard, bastard..."
The sound of his sobs was suddenly muffled by a sound of pleasured laughter that came from
behind him.
The worms scurried to avoid the elderly and small silhouette propped up by a staff and
slowly walking closer to Kariya. It was none other but precisely the object of Kariyas hatred,
Mat Zken.
"Ah, Kariya, you are really quite pitiful like this."
The elderly magus used his crutch to hit at Kariyas jaw, forcing him to lift his head.
Kariya no longer had the strength to separate at him, but nevertheless used his remaining right eye
to glare at the other with hatred and murderous intent. Just looking disdainfully at his
opponent already exhausted him.
Dont get it wrongim not knock you in any way. With such serious wrongdoing, Im
surprised you came back here alivekariya, I dont know who it was that saved you. But
luck does not appear to be bad in the battle this time around.
Zken, murmuring gently to his son as if stroke a cat, was in a particularly good mood
todaythus the inference of transgression was written all over his face that was full of smiles.
Three Servants have already been move care of; only four remain. Truth be told, I did not
think you could actually feel out till now. It looks as ifthis gamble, I may still have a
chance at winning.
And like that, Zken suddenly finished speaking, retreating a few steps to distance himself
from him.
Perhaps adding one more hair on you is not a bad idea. Ah Kariya, since things have come
to this point I will pass on to you the announce card I have secreted away for this day, come
on
Ku, Zkens crutch suddenly pushed at the hollow of Kariyas throat, forcing him to open his
mouth. Immediately after, it moved upward like a mouse, and was fiercely stabbed into
Kariyas mouth.
Ah, uu!?

Kariya fainted from the pain. The worms followed the cavity of his mouth and mercilessly
invaded his muscular structure, finally succeed within the spasming abdomen. Now, even if he had wanted
to body waste, he could not; it was already too late.
After whichas if a red-hot block of metal had been placed into his stomach, an intense
burning sensation examine Kariyas body from the inside.
"Uu ah!?"
Kariya began to effort in agony; the cuffs on his hands jangled. The genealogy which seemed to
have stagnated now boiled, runaway, and his heart also restrain crazily, almost to the point
of breaking apart.
That had been a piece of concentrated prana. The Crest Worms within Kariyas body, which
had temporarily regained vitality, began to move again. The mock prana circuits of Kariyas
entire body also started to pulse like never before, and his limbs were beginning to feel pain
as if they were being torn apartbut this also meant that Kariyas numb arms and legs could
feel again.
Seeing the 'announce card' take effect, Zken tease loudly.
"Huhuhuhu, this does have immediate results.
Do you know? That piece of prana you swallowed just now came from a Lust Worm. The
one that first absorbed Sakuras innocence. How about that, Kariya? The vitality of a young
girl, absorbed continuously over the gathering of this past yearit is the best magecraft energy
of all, yes?"
And perhaps it was this chain of cruel actions that satisfied his sadistic heart; the elderly
magus turned around, his face full of smiles. Just as he was about to leisurely leave the worm
storage, his derisive mockeries once again pierced into Kariyas ears.
"Go forth and try, Kariya. Burn up completely the life snatched from Sakura. Do not be
stingy with your genealogy and flesh, but bring back the Grail! If one like you can do it, that is."
After which, with the heavy closing of the doors, the surroundings were once again only
provide with icy darkness and the noise of crawling worms.
Kariya began sobbing silently.

-64:large integer:13
The warm afternoon sunlight gently change the outer walls of the storeroom and gradually
slanted towards the west.
However, the air in the storeroom bide silent and cold. A few rays of sunlight shone in
from the small skylight, as if cleaning the storeroom in the soft dusk of afternoon.
Saber was sitting on the ground with her back against the wall, waiting for the arrival of that
time.
In the magic circle beside her was Irisviel, who still laid face-up with her hands crossed
across her chest. She was still deep asleep. Saber had, without moving, gazed at her sleeping
profile ever since she brought her here this morning.
Would the magic circle that Irisviel and she drew together yesterday work as expected?
For Irisviel, who is a homunculus, it appeared as if resting in this magic circle is the only way
of recovering. In the past, a ceremony would also be held with it. However, considering the
current situation, it seemed to be a very distant and unreachable past.
It was truly a desire night.
Caster, who disadvantage the battle and joined mid-way, was finally defeated.
And then, the duel with Lancer ended into a heartrending manner.
The War of the Holy Grail get great motion ending night, with two Servants leaving the
battle. Saber could indeed be said to have played an extremely important part no matter what
the situation of battle was.
It would be a lie to say that shes not tired, but right now she was more worried about
Irisviels situation.
She recalled that they were already signs since morning. Irisviel had called it a birth defect in the
serve of a homunculus. However, Saber couldnt figure out just what had happened
yesterday to make her body state change so much. It wasnt due to personnel casualty, nor did she

promise overly vigorous effort. If this situation happened to the Master that formally
sealed a contract with Saber, then its very probable that it was due to Sabers tiredness and
the increase of the prana supply that increased the Masters burden. But if that were the case
then it shouldnt be Irisviel, who is only a substitute Master, but Kiritsugu instead.
The gentle sunlight shone in through the skylight. As the time went past noon, the sunlight
also slowly changed its angle.
Finally  Irisviel moved slightly. The stilled air moved as if there were ripples sensitize within.
Saber immediately widened her eyes, and saw that Irisviel was slowly sitting up as she
moaned in anguish.
Saber?
Lazily brushing the silver form of hair away from her eyes she looked at Saber, who
guarded her side, with a lost gaze.
Irisviel, how are you doing?
Umm, mm. Im fine now.
Thats impossible. Saber wanted to rebuke, but she saw that the reddish color of Irisviels
cheeks have returned to its normal healthy state. Its hard to believe that she was in a unconsciousness
until now.
Ahh, she gave a small stretch, as if joyfully arouse up in the morning after having fully
rested.
Mmm  looks like I get you worry.
N no. Itd be great if its really fine but
Mmm, I understand what you want to say, Saber.
With a taste smile, Irisviel combed through her desire hair with her hands, and tidied her
cover that have gone slightly messy.
Looks like I really did have a lot of problems after I came here. It shouldnt matter if I just
remain quietly like this, but  Saber, from now on, I may be unable to stay beside you and
support you anymore.

Irisviel
Irisviel said in a rather downcast manner. On the logical relation, it get Saber a little surprised.
Sorry, although its very prevent, but compared to becoming your burden
No, thats not it. I hope youll be more careful with your body. Its all my fault. I feel like
this is a experience to me, saying that because I forced you to continuously participate in
battles that you
Saber stopped, afraid that what she may say next could ill health Irisviel. Irisviel smiled weakly,
and said.
You dont need to worry about that. Letter homunculus are different from humans, and we
understand the artifact of our body very clearly. Its like a car; if a car doesnt flash a
warning light when the gas runs out, then thats really whats called fail.

Although those words were correct, the inference wasnt fitting enough. Hearing this, Saber
became silent with a gloomy face. Then, with a very serious gaze, she looked at Irisviel with
a frontal look.
Irisviel, although you are indeed a homunculus, but I never thought of treating you
differently from ordinary humans. Therefore, no matter what, you dont need to speak so
lowly of yourself.
Saber said it so straightforwardly that Irisviel agree her defeat.
Saber, youre so gentle.
Everyone who make to know you would think this way. Irisviel, youre a very charismatic
person.
In order for the conversation to stop being so heavy, Saber deliberately joked with a light
tone.
For a woman, her body would often have various condition. Theres no need for you to be
ashamed.
With that, even Irisviel gave a taste smile of embarrassment.

Speaking of that, Saber, youre also a girl  umm, wouldnt it be problematic? You have to
act as a man during such times.
No, about that
Seeing that Irisviels face has regained its usual smile, Saber relaxed, so she continued with a
tone thats even boat than usual.
You wouldnt know it, but I had the extra protection of my Noble Phantasm when I was
alive. Not to mention disease, even aging had stopped for me. Therefore, no discomforts
would appear for my body. Id still be like I am right now even ten years later.

Then, Saber suddenly saw that Irisviels expressive style became anxious, as if she was in
discomfort, so she quickly stopped.
Although she couldnt understand how come this casual topic make Irisviel so down, Saber
discovered that currently Irisviel was in no mood to chat with her.
Anyways, Irisviel, you dont need to worry about anything. Indeed, I would be more
relieved with you covering me, but now not many enemies are left. Even if I act alone, Ill
still have carry through confidence in victory.
Saber, if you truly act alone, then I wont worry either.
Saber couldnt help but feel a bitterness surface up in her throat when she realized the true
associate of Irisviels words.
Yes, she wasnt acting alone. The Master that get a contract with the Servant Saber was
still on the same battlefield.
Oi, Saber from now on, will you be able to treat Kiritsugu as a friend, and try beside
him?
She wasnt able to answer immediately. This act indicate the wrestle within the King of
Knightss heart blatantly.
If all other Masters seek the Holy Grail only due to their own selfish desires, then I
believe the Grail should be obtained by Kiritsugu. I have no objection over becoming his
sword due to that.

As she answered with a subdued tone, Saber furrowed her brows as if she couldnt hide her
distress.
But I request the only one who becomes a sword would be me. I dont want to once again
intervene in Kiritsugus methods.
Sabers heart couldnt help but feel a throbbing pain as she recalled Diarmuids end.
No matter how much she understands the man called Kiritsugu, no matter how much a
agreement shes willing to make, Saber can not forgive that scene no matter what.
Now I need to perform battles that Kiritsugu have to agree with. As a Servant, I can obtain
victory without dye the Masters hands, cant I? The remaining three Servants cannot win
against me no matter what.
Irisviel nodded. She could only nod. It was already a miracle for Saber to retain such a
fighting spirit after having witnessed Kiritsugus despicable behavior with her own eyes.
However, on the other hand, she also knew that right now Saber wanted very much for
Kiritsugu to trust her at least minimally, but there was no possibility for Kiritsugu to do so.
The meaning of the express true victory differed as drastically as region and earth between
the King of Knights and the Magus Killer.
Relying on her unyielding will to strive until victory is obtained and a continuance that
allows her to rise once again no matter how many times shes defeated
A prudence that completely exhaust all possible reasons that may cause his defeat
Although their goals are both the same, their methods are fatally different.
For me, the Holy Grail is like myself. Because from the moment I was born, I have the
vessel that allows its descent.
Hearing Irsiviels words, Saber nodded.
I heard about it. Your duty is the guardian of the vessel.
However, although Saber is with her 24 hours a day, she still does not know how and where
she hid the vessel of the Grail. Since they trusted each other, then theres no need for her to
ask. All Saber needs to do is to accept the vessel from her hands once she obtained victory
in all battles.

Therefore, no matter what happens, I hope that my treasure would be transfer into the
hands of those I love  Kiritsugu, and you, Saber.
Irisviel said, as if praying. Saber nodded resolutely.
Back then, when I was first summoned, I already swore to protect you and obtain the final
victory. I dont plan on going back on that oath.

Irisviel could only smile and nod ambiguously.
If they were to fulfil the initial purpose of the Three Noble Families of the Beginning
reaching Akasha, then Military Unit Seals must be used to demand Saber, who has defeated all
the Servants, to kill herself and use all seven Heroic Spirits as sacrifices for the Holy Grail to
end the war. However, what Irisviel and Kiritsugu entrusted to the Grail was no such request.
Although the request of be all incompatibility and changing the world seemed immense, it does
not leap out of the boundary of miracles at the end. The changes that occur according to its
result would only happen within the world at the maximum. It is really too easy compared
to the goal of reaching the root of all things that is outside the world. However, if they
only want to fulfil a miracle in the physical world, then they wouldnt need the ancient Lady
of Winter herself as the vessel to completely bring to the Great Grail. Enough prana would
be fill for Kiritsugu and Saber to fulfil their request as desire as they defeat the other six
enemy Servants.
However, what Irisviel was more worried about in the couple process of experiencing this
cruel war of survival was  compared to the enemys strength, what was more important was
Kiritsugu and Sabers conflict.
As their ways of living and beliefs were the carry through opposite, the conflict between those
two were unavoidable. Therefore, Irisviel believed that she should do her best to modify the
conflict between them. But regarding whether she can actually achieve that  actually, there
was already no more hope.
Because Irisviels body was already
? Someones presence is getting closer, Irisviel.
Sabers face was covered with attentiveness. Then, Irisviel also detected the guest from the
reaction of the enclose field established in the courtyard.

Ahh, dont worry. This is Maiyas presence.
With a soft sound of the storeroom door, it was indeed Hisau Maiya herself who came in. She
had her usual cold and dispassionate expressive style, and her icy cold beauty get Saber move
her eyes away with some displeasure. Judging from her action of mercilessly shooting
Lancers two Masters dead, she was indeed only cruelly and loyally executing Kiritsugus
create by mental act. However, Saber found it very hard to agree to such an action.
It was unknown whether Maiya understood those inner thoughts of Sabers. Like always, she
didnt great them, nor did she say anything in a roundabout way, but cut into the main topic
straightaway.
Tsaka Tokiomi sent a secret messenger. He make his familiar to bring a letter. Madam, it is
for you.
Secret messenger?
After Irisviel travel from Einsbern mansion, it had become a dangerous house of traps under
Kiritsugus hand in order to make other unaware Masters fall into the bait. Maiyas cricket equipment were
responsible for surveillance. Just then, a familiar, not a magus, had appeared there with
documents.
It was a jade bird. According to Kiritsugus deductions, it should be a puppet that the Tsaka
magi habitually use.
Thats what I heard too. Then, wheres the letter?
Here
Taking the note that Maiya handed to her, Irisviel began to read. All pleasantries and
formalities were emitted on it, and the literate intentions were written very simply and
openly.
Thats to say, he message letter to try together.
Irisviel gave a snort of derision. Saber was the same. Just thinking about that Archers
Masters intentions get her annoyed.
An alliance? Even now?

Tsaka should feel very uneasy about how to deal with the remaining Rider and Berserker.
He thinks were the easiest to deal with, so he call in letter to have with him  thats to say,
compared to the other two groups, we were belittled.
The letter said that if Irisviel is interested in a negotiation, then Tokiomi would humbly anticipate
at Fuyuki Church at midnight tonight.
As the Supervisor, the Holy Church should stay neutral. How did it agree to let him do
this?
Thats because it appears that the Supervisor, Father Risei, is already dead. That is to say,
the War of the Holy Grail has no Supervisor this time.
Hearing Maiyas explanation, Irisviel nodded with approval.
Kiritsugu said that the relationship between Tsaka and the Church had also been exposed
with this. The Supervisor, who act him, died, so he began to change his create by mental act in a
hurry.
Irisviel, the opponent is the magus that controls Archer. I feel that we shouldnt trust
him.
Remembering her disgust towards that golden Heroic Spirit, Saber concluded with caution.
I am at my optimum state now my left hand had healed completely. I can
single-handedly defeat Rider and Berserker without a need of forging alliances. Of gathering,
Archer is of no exception.
Saber said, full of confidence. Irisviel nodded first, but then crossed her arms with concern.
Although what Saber said is true, but Tsaka has other things that can force letter to agree.
He has things we dont such as certain administrative unit.
Maiya nodded upon hearing this.
Indeed. For example, if Tsaka can get information about the whereabouts of the
headquarters of Riders camp, then its worth the venture of going into his trap and obtain this
intelligence.
Can that still be unknown? I didnt think such a juvenile would make it so troublesome for
Kiritsugu.

Its because Rider and his Master usually ride their high-speed flying Noble Phantasm, so
its impossible to follow them on land. My cricket equipment are also unable to match their speed, so we
can never catch them.

Concerning ways of hiding their trail, can they be even better than that Lord El-Melloi?
Although it is surprising, we have checked all the locations within the entire Fuyuki area
that a magus may set up a workshop, but still didnt find Rider and his Master.
Like Maiya said, what troubled Kiritsugu the most at the moment was the search for Waver
Velvets headquarters. Although Emiya Kiritsugu knew well all the methods for a magus to
hide himself, he still couldnt have guessed that a Master elide even alteration funds
and catch in civilian houses straightaway.
But what are the possibilities that Tsaka Tokiomi have such intelligences?
Maiya replied affirmatively.
Tsaka Tokiomi had conducted various sorts of thorough preparations from the beginning of
the War of the Holy Grail. The Supervisor is a very good example; moreover
Maiya paused when she reached this part, and discreetly gave a glance at Irisviels expressive style.
She, who was silent, appeared to have thought the same as Maiya.
Moreover, we think that Tsaka is also controlling Assassins Master  Kotomine Kirei, in
secret. If that man stands at a position that can influence Kotomine Kirei, then his invitation
is still advantageous for letter in some degree.
Kotomine Kirei
It was the first time Saber heard this name, but she easily understood this man means very
much to them just judging from the solemn and heavy expressions Irisviel and Maiya were
wearing.
Remember this, Saber.
With an oddly stiff tone, Irisviel said.

In this War of the Holy Grail, if someone can defeat Kiritsugu and obtain the Holy Grail
then he must be this man called Kotomine Kirei. Kiritsugu said so himself. He had locked the
goal onto this man named Kirei from the beginning.
Maiya and Irisviel didnt say much. But even so, Saber still obtained a rather clear
understanding of this man called Kotomine Kirei.
Now that they spoke of it, Saber also recalled a mysterious attacker had ill health Irisviel and
Maiya, who was hiding in the mansion, badly during the battle in the Einsbern forest.
With a resolute tone, Irisviel declared thus.
Apart from the matter of alliance, there is the need to device out what intelligences lay in
Tsakas hands at the moment. Let me go to Fuyuki Church to confirm it tonight.
Since such a clear military unit had been given, then Saber couldnt say much anymore.
Moreover, she was also very attentive of that Kotomine. If Kiritsugu can consider him as a
nemesis, then he must need special attention without a doubt.
Right, Saber. You have a job today too.
Saber was rather confused when Maiya suddenly called to her.
Oh?
Yes. Since you could skilfully drive that Mercedes, Ive prepared a mechanical support even
more fitting for warrior warfare according to Kiritsugus orders.
Hearing this, Saber appeared to be interested.
Thats good. A machine that is more suitable to battle than a car is a very big help for me.
Its parked outside right now. Take a look to see if you can use it.
Mmm, Ill go right now.
Saber walked out of the storeroom with expectant and light steps. Maiya watched her leave,
expressionless as usual. However, she sighed within her heart for the fact that Saber appeared
only as an ordinary girl no matter how one looks at it, and its absolutely impossible to
discern that she was the King of Knights, Arturia  no matter what, ordinarily, Saber only
appeared to be a rather mature short girl; no one would believe that she was indeed that king
who get glorious victories during that battle-ravaged time.

It was rare for Maiya to have such meaningless emotions for things apart from work. Just as
she was about to mutter something to herself, which is rarer still, she heard something fall
down beside her.
Turning her head she saw that Irisviel, who was sitting in the magic circle just now, was once
again lying on the ground. Her state was very unusual. Sweat was pouring down her pallid
face; her breathing was painful and fast.
Ma, madam whats wrong?!
Maiya hurried up and become her in her arms. The slender body in her arms was abnormally hot.
Did Saber see this?
Irisviel asked bitterly, with no fear or shame in her tone. She seemed to have no questions
about these sudden unfamiliarity happening to her body.
Madam, your body, just what
Hehe, Maiyas terrify face is actually rather cute
What are you talking about? Nows not the time to say this. Ill get Saber and Kiritsugu here
immediately, please stay awake!
Maiya get to stand up, but Irisviel reached out and pressed down on her shoulder.
This isnt abnormal; this is  predetermined a desire time ago. For the current me to continue
existing as a human is already so lucky it seems miraculous.
Sensing that there were deeper meanings in her words, Maiya calmed herself. Although she
was still nervous, she had recovered her usual cool.
Does Kiritsugu also know?
Irisviel nodded, but she softly added a but.
Saber does not know. She still has to face important battles dont let her worry about
anything else.
With a deep sigh, Maiya once again let Irisviels body lie quietly face-up within the magic
circle. She knew this is the position for her, who is a homunculus, to fully rest.

Should I also pretend that I dont know about this?
No, Maiya Ive make something to say to you is that alright?
Maiya nodded, stood up, and looked outside the storeroom. After she get sure Saber was no
longer in the courtyard, she quietly closed the door and returned to Irisviels side.
Ok, Saber cant hear letter now.
Irisviel nodded, adjusted her waterway breathing, and said calmly.
I am the homunculus create for the Heavens Feel you should know this.
Yes.
The guardian of the vessel  my duty is to manage and transport the vessel prepared for the
Holy Grails descent. Actually, thats not completely accurate.
During the previous Heavens Feel, not only did Grandfather Acht suffer his Servant, the
precious vessel of the Grail was also broken during to the war. In the Third Heavens Feel,
since the vessel was damaged before the victor was decided, the war was meaningless.
Thats when Grandfather began to reflect and decided to cover the vessel this time inside a
humanoid shape that has a consciousness and can self-manage.
Her nonchalant voice was as if she was leisurely inform things that have nothing to do
with her. It was probably because shes seen through everything that she had decided to speak
out everything about her body.
And that is  me. The vessel itself was granted the instinct to live. In order to dodge all
sorts of causal agent by itself, Grandfather get the vessel into Irisviel.
How can that be then, you
Maiyas heart was not cold as a rock. She couldnt help but suffer her composure when faced
with the contact of this fact.
Three Servants have already deceased in battle, and the war would end very soon. The
function of the vessel within me would begin to ceaselessly put pressure on this
unnecessary outer appearance with the passage of time. In the future I would, gradually and
without a doubt, become unable to move, until at ending  Maiya, I wouldnt even be able to conversation
you like this.


Biting her lower lip, Maiya was silent for a while, and she carefully repeated her previous
questions once again.
Does Kiritsugu really know everything? Does he know what kind of situation youre
currently in?
Yes, thats why he gave me Sabers scabbard Avalon  All is a Distant Utopia do you
know its abilities?
The ability to stop aging and limitlessly heal the wielder  thats what I heard.
It prevented the organic phenomenon off of my outer shell. I originally thought Id be overcome very
quickly, but thanks to it I can still maintain a human appearance and behave as such till
now also, if I increase in distance from Saber like now, the situation would suddenly
worsen
She was already unable to get up. Faced with Irisviel, who seemed as if sunken to the edge of
death, Maiya couldnt help but lower her eyes.
Maiya cannot imagine what Sabers response would be had she been here. Rather than
suffering herself, the girl who was the model of chivalry would be more distressed with
others pain. If she knew that the victory that she expected can only be achieved with
Irisviels sacrifice as the academic requirement, it would be unknown whether she would still be able to
grasp the holy sword like before.
Why are you telling me this?
Maiya asked.
Irisviel only smiled peacefully.
Hisau Maiya  youre the only one who wont pity me. Youd definitely agree with me
thats what I believe.

Maiya gazed at her smile silently, then nodded soundlessly.
Madam, I  I had originally thought that youre someone whos very hard to be close to.

No such thing  can you understand me?
Yes.
Maiya nodded without hesitation, showing her agreement.
It was precisely because she was a woman who was born as a human but lived as a machine
that shes able to express agreement to another woman who was get as a machine but
faced her end as a human.
Even if I were to give up this life of mine  Irisviel, I would protect you till the end.
Therefore, for Emiya Kiritsugu, please dont die. For the fulfilment of that mans dream.
Thanks
Stretching out a shaking hand, Irisviel grasped Hisau Maiyas hand.

-62:48:35
The twin black eyes that stared at him from his chest destroy were like a pair of jewels.
Yes  that was the truth; Tsaka Tokiomi once again felt it himself. This girl is the ultimate
treasure that the Tsaka family obtained after five generations, a rare shining gem that
equates to a miracle.
Tsaka Rin.
Although she was yet young, she was destined to become a beauty in the future judging by
her looks. Rather than her mothers appearances, Rin had more sameness with Tokiomis
abbess when she was young.
The time was dusk; the veil of night has yet to fall.
Succeed at his wifes house, Tokiomi, in front of the doors of the Zenj house, did not plan
to step inside. Right now, Tokiomi was one of the Masters who seek the Grail, and had desire

entered the realm of Shuras. In order to protect his wife and female offspring, he had entrusted them
to the Zenjs. This realm does not allow genealogy or murder to invade.
With a nervous expressive style, Rin gazed at her father, who had called her out of the door but
didnt speak a statement. Her father didnt just come to see her, but arrived with something very
important. Instinctively, the girl understood it this way.
He had originally decided not to see his female offspring till the end of the war. What get him
waver was Father Riseis sudden death ending night.
The old priest was his fathers good associate and watched Tokiomi increase up. Under the secret
pact sealed between the two parties, he was there to support Tokiomis back. For Tokiomi,
this was the biggest lend that get him have a sure confidence in winning.
Of gathering, Tokiomi isnt someone who would be at a loss once he loses his backup. However,
it is an indisputable fact that a dark cloud named unforeseen had appeared on the road to
victory that he had believed wholeheartedly in till now.
Just like how that experienced and stubborn priest had suddenly fall  his own confidence
had also suddenly been cut in half.
Till yesterday, the victory of the Heavens Feel had appeared to Tokiomi as something
already in the bag. However, due to the death of his trustworthy companion, at this time he
had also get the preparation to devote himself in the explosive-covered battlefield as a
fighter.
What if this is the ending time he talked to Rin?
Faced with the young girl before him, what should he say?

Rin swallowed, staring at her father, and waited for him to speak to her.
Tokiomi knew the respect and longing his female offspring had towards him, who is her father.
He knew that what he says to his female offspring today would definitely decide Rins road from
now on.
No  there were no doubts for the future; it has all been decided desire ago. Rin has no choices
but to inherit the title of the sixth head of the Tsaka family.

Perhaps it was because of this thought that Tokiomi now bore a little bit of guilt towards his
female offspring.
He knelt down, and put his hand on Rins head  at that time, Rin suddenly widened her eyes
with surprise.
Only when he saw his daughters reaction did Tokiomi remember that hes never caressed his
daughters head like this before.
It was normal for Rin to be shocked, too. Tokiomi also discovered, for the first time, that he
didnt even know just how he should express his gentleness to his female offspring.
Rin put the Association in your debt by the time you mature. Ill let you decide what to do
after that. You should be able to take care of yourself.
He originally had some doubts and didnt know what to say; but once he opened his mouth,
he began to speak on and on.
He had thought of many maybes; there were many things to be transfer on. How to manage
the treasures  that is, jewels  in the house, and the rules of the basement workshop that was
inherited from the Great Teacher  all such things, Tokiomi focused on key points and
inform to Rin, who was intently listening.
Although there were no Crests, but in truth, it was equal to having Rin appointed as the head
of the Tsaka house for the next people.
On a side note.
Tsaka Tokiomi was definitely not a genius.
Compared with the members of the Tsakas through the generations, his talents are mediocre
at best.
The reason that the Tokiomi right now is a skilled and respected magus was largely due to the
fact that he had always loyally obeyed the family creed.
That was why he could always be confident and elegant
If he wanted to achieve a ten-fold result, then he must give out twenty-fold of practice.
Elegantly and composedly pass all sorts of cruel learn; that had become Tokiomis creed.

If one has to find something about him thats better than others, then maybe it would only
come down to the two things of carry through self-control and a will of self-restraint.
His father, who was both his teacher and the previous head of the broken home, should already
have fully act just what a hard journey his son would go upon if the son had the
way of magecraft as his ambition. Therefore, when his grandparent transfer the Magic Crest onto
Tokiomi, he had repeatedly asked his son  will you inherit the family accountancy?
These questions are merely very ritualistic, and its only for a show too. As the only son,
what Tokiomi had been taught since childhood was an content of how to become a leader.
This pride that was encourage since his childhood get him have no other dreams in his life.
Even so  this method of asking was still used; that is, Tokiomi still has an incomplete
ability to choose.
Now that he thought back, for Tokiomi, this was the best gift that his father gave him as the
previous head of the family.
Tsaka Tokiomi decided to enter the way of magecraft through his own will, and decided not
to be nutate by fate.
It was indeed this preparation that gave Tokiomi an iron will. What act him through
the days of merciless, strict cognition ever since then was indeed this proud overconfidence of
this is the way of life I chose for myself.
If only he would be able to pass the treasure that he make from his father onto his female offspring
Tokiomi thought sadly.
However, that was already impossible to be achieved.
For Rin and Sakura, there were no choices for them in the first place.
One of them has all elements, having five multiple elements as her inferior conjunction. The other has
no elemental organization, having Imaginary Numbers only. Both sisters have a rare potential
that can be equated to miracles. This had surpassed the limits of so-called natural talents or
inborn ability; it is almost like a curse.
A magical universe would equally gather magical powers to it. Prominent people who are far
outside the rules inevitably gather equally extraordinary experiences. This can not be
controlled by the persons own will. There is only one way to deal with this kind of a destiny
consciously walk away from the rules yourself.

Apart from understanding and learn the way of magecraft themselves, there are no other
ways to deal with the magical powers earth in the genealogy of Tokiomis daughters. Moreover,
the protection of the Tsaka house can only be endowed on one of them. This fact tormented
Tokiomi for a desire time. The one who did not become the inheritor would get dirty in all
kinds of odd regularize due to her own genealogy, and trouble wound find her. If the Association
found this kind of ordinary humans, those guys would definitely gladly put her in
aldehyde as a example in the name of protection.
Precisely because of that, it was nothing better than a godsend for the Mat house to hope to
have Sakura as their adopted female offspring. He had obtained the way to have both his beloved
daughters inherit first-class magecraft, unconstrained by their family consequence, and
cut out their own lives. At that time, Tokiomi could be said to be freed from the heavy
burden of being a father.
But can it really be achieved?  Tokiomi didnt even have that confidence. This question
continued to injure him.
With Rins talents, she should find it to be easier to understand the mysteries of the way of
magecraft than Tokiomi.
Therefore, compared with board on this road through a choice of his own will, what a
painful thing it would be if she tries to escape her destiny but still ends up on this path at the
end.
If he is unable to give any control on the affliction that Rin will face and just end like this
would such a Tsaka Tokiomi count as a fitting father?
As if questioning the confusion in his heart, Tokiomi once again condensed all his thoughts
into the hand he had put on Rins head.
Rin let his large hand stroke her head, but her fly-black eyes bide gazing, unmoving, at
her father. There was not a sliver of anxiety or doubt in that look.
Aah, really.
This unconditional reverence and trust finally brought answers for Tokiomi.
There was no need to apologize to this child, nor worry about her future path. Faced with the
proud child of the Tsaka family, the previous people, who was about to pass away, no
longer needs to entrust anything else.

Rin, the Holy Grail will appear eventually. It is our duty as the Tsaka family to win it.
More importantly  if you want to be a magus, you cant avoid it.
The girl nodded adamantly. Her eyes get pride fill Tokiomis chest.
Tokiomi did not feel this kind of pride even when he inherited the position as the head of the
family.
Ill have to get going now. You know what to do now, right?
Yes  take care, father.
Rin answered resolutely with a clear voice. Tokiomi nodded and stood up.
Lifting his head, he copy one look inside the house and happened to catch the eyes of Aoi,
who was standing by the window and peering out.
Trust and encouragement was in his eyes.
And thankfulness and reassurance was in her eyes that responded to him.
Just like that, Tokiomi turned his back on his wife and female offspring, and left the Zenj house
without a backward glance.
Confusion is a shadow created from a restless heart. That is far from elegance.
Remember the family creed in your heart; Rins sight told him that once again.
If he still had regrets towards his female offspring, then  it must be his failure and the self that
cannot fulfill his desire-cherished request through the Holy Grail.
If he wants to become a father that can lift his head up high and proudly gust out his chest in
front of Rin, then Tsaka Tokiomi must become a perfect and flawless magus.
Only then  can he carry through the magecraft art of the Tsaka family with his own two hands.
He must become a father whos fit to teach and guide his female offspring, a truly perfect father.
With a brand-new resoluteness, Tsaka Tokiomi go on his return journey in the dusk.
Once again towards Fuyuki.

Soon, the veil of the night would descend.

-58:16:21
Regarding the midnight meeting at the Fuyuki Church, Tsaka Tokiomi had naturally defined
the grammatical category of people allowed to attend in the conditions.
Apart from the respective Master and Servant, both sides can also bring along a supporter.
For Irisviel, who found it difficult to act alone, she never expected such a state to exist. It
would be impossible for her to rely on Sabers strength if she happens to accidentally be
understand in a battlefield later on. If Maiya happens to be beside her at that time, she would be
much more at ease.
Of gathering, as the inverse state, one other person also care apart from Tsaka
Tokiomi and Archer  at the end, when Tokiomi introduced that follower to Irisviel and the
others as if it was nothing important, they couldnt help but change their expressions a little.
Let me project him, Kotomine Kirei  my student. Although he was also someone who
emulate with all of you, it was in past. He had lost his Servant, and had given up the rights
of a Master for a desire time.
Is that all? Irisviel copy a dubious look at the other man, but Tokiomi was full of calmness and
appeared not planning to say much else. Maybe he was misjudge the opponent. If not
then he may still be unaware of the feud between Irisviel and Kotomine Kirei.
Saber, leisurely reclining against the wall behind Tokiomi and the others, glared unblinkingly
at the red-eyed Servant. Tonight, Archer had also removed his battle arrangement and put on a set
of ordinary cover suitable to this era. Although the outfit, decorated with leather and gum,
looked like it was full of a distasteful glamor, it did not create any incompatibility when paired
with the overwhelming presence of the golden Heroic Spirit.
Those genealogy-red eyes looked as if they take away Sabers cover just with their sight,
licked and caressed her soft skin. What seeped out of his eyes was blatant lust. Although this
inevitably sensitize up Sabers electrical discharge of immediately drawing her sword and go into battle,
she could only endure it when she thought of Irisviel.

I am immensely thankful of your action upon receiving my invitation.
It was unclear whether he noticed the pressing presence of the three women; Tokiomi
solicitously offered his opening speech.
The Heavens Feel this time is also finally about to enter the most important stage. Right
now, all thats left are the Masters of the Three Families of the Beginning, and one sudden
intruder  then, do you of the Einsbern family have any thoughts on this battle situation?
No.
After answering thus with a cold and clear voice, Irisviel continued to speak audaciously.
We have the strongest Saber, so theres no need to stealthily grasp every opportunity. Just
walking towards victory like this would be enough.
Is that so
With a provoking meaning, Tokiomi couldnt stop himself but laugh.
Then, please allow me to speak of my own thoughts. Putting aside our respective strengths
for now, let letter conversation about Berserker and Rider first.
Of gathering, our final goal is to let the Three Families of the Beginning remain and therefore
ensure the right of possessing the Grail in the final battle. However, very unfortunately, due
to a strategic mistake of the Mat family, a Servant that needs to spend large amounts of
prana was summoned by a weak Master. I fear that they would face their demise sooner or
later. It seems the one that would obtain victory among them will be Rider. I calculate that you
would also know something about the might of that Heroic Spirit Alexander.
Tokiomi paused, waiting for Irisviel to react. However, seeing that she bide silent,
Tokiomi continued speaking.
A newcomer who suddenly popped out of nowhere dares to stretch his hands towards the
Holy Grail, in which two large integer years of longing were entrusted; does Einsbern not feel
very uncomfortable about this?
Speaking of novice, arent Tsakas and Mats included in that too?

Normally, Iriviel will never speak so unscrupulously, but tonights strategy was to completely
suppress Tokiomi. When she discarded her daily gentleness and modesty and stood
upright to confront, she seemed as inviolable as a beautiful and adamant gay man.
But Tokiomi wasnt going to succumb just with that. He still carried a solicitous smile, and
his expressive style didnt waver a bit.
Since what Einsbern wishes for is only the fact of achieving the Third Magic, then would it
fit your original intentions if you were to entrust the Holy Grail to me, Tsaka Tokiomi, with
my goal of reaching Akasha?
Hearing this, Irisviel copy a contemptuous sneer towards Tokiomi.
Could it be that the Tsaka family would even hedge just to rob the Holy Grail from our
hands?
Huh although the explanation would make one doubt the cross-examiner moral character, it
doesnt matter. The question now is that this mock who distinguish nothing about the Grail has the
possibility of obtaining the final victory. I would definitely not allow the Holy Grail to fall
into a lay reader hands  our opinions should be the same on this point.
To put it simply  the one that Tokiomi considers as most threatening is only Rider. Irisviel
equal with that point.
Since she already understood the opponents intent, then it would be about time for her to
state her position.
Letter Einsbern have never had the habit of change with others. A so-called alliance will only
make others laugh  however, if you want to try enemies one by one, we would also
express our sincerity.
Go on.
Regard Tsaka as our enemy only after all other Masters are defeated  were willing to
obey such an agreement.
Irisviels roundabout way of speaking get Tokiomi nod his head coldly.
Thats to say, a ceasefire agreement with conditions attached. Its assume for both
parties.

We have two demands.
As if trying to suppress the other and take the initiative, Irisviel followed up,
Firstly, give letter the information you have on Riders Master.
Tokiomi sniggered in his heart when he heard this. Since Einsbern get such a demand, then
it meant she really wanted to go defeat Rider herself. This development was completely
within his expectations.
Kirei, tell them.
Hearing Tokiomis military unit Kirei, who had stayed aside and waited silently, began to
explain with a flat tone.
Riders Master is an apprentice magus named Waver Velvet, who was learn under
Kayneth. He now housing in the home of an old couple surnamed mackenzie in Miyama city,
Nakagoe 2-chome. They are an ordinary family that has nothing to do with the Heavens Feel,
but they think Waver is their own grandson under Voice hypnosis magecraft.
Kirei finished fluently. Hearing this, Irisviel and Maiya couldnt help but shiver. Although
theyve roughly guessed it, they didnt think that Kirei, who had once controlled Assassin,
could undertake a war of intelligence so thoroughly.
Alright, whats the other state?
Tokiomi urged delightedly. Irisviel stared straight at him with a solemn and heavy expressive style,
and spoke with an uncompromising tone that didnt allow the opponent to decline.
The second state  is to destroy Kotomine Kirei from the Heavens Feel.
Tokiomi, who originally had a leisurely expressive style, couldnt help but be when he heard
this. However, Kirei bide elude, and didnt even move his eyebrows.
I didnt mean to kill him. Im only saying that he needs to leave Fuyuki  no, leave Japan
before the war eat. We hope that hed leave tomorrow morning.
Can you explain the reason?
Tokiomi calmed the wavering of his heart and requested with a rather low voice. Iriviel, who
could tell peoples emotions very clearly, believed more firmly that this pair of teacher and

student has estrangements between them  it was obvious that Tokiomi did not know what
Kirei did exactly.
That Executor has quite a feud with letter Einsbern. If Tsaka is to include him in your camp,
then we would be completely unable to trust you. If so, then we would regard you as the
victim to be eliminated first, and unite with Rider and the others to initiate attacking you.

There wasnt a single hint of joking in Irisviels tone. Finally, Tokiomi detected that there
were many things he didnt know, and copy a doubtful look towards Kirei, who was beside
him.
Whats going on, Kirei?

Kirei bide silent, expressionless as if wearing a mask. However, since he didnt make
any rebuttal to Irisviels words, his silence was enough to explain the problem.
With a sigh, Tokiomi once again hid his emotions in the bottom of his heart, and gazed at the
Einsbern camp with a nonchalant expressive style.
As the substitute of the late Father Risei, Kirei had inherited the job of the Supervisor. If you
believe that he must leave, then we have a state too.
Silently, Irisviel inclined her head and motioned for him to continue.
I observed ending nights battle. That Saber of yours has a Noble Phantasm with an
overly-powerful destructive power; we hope that you can discourage her use of it.
Now Saber furrowed her brows. She understood that Tsaka wanted to forcibly push the duel
with Rider onto her. She could only regard this extra state as being too unreasonable.
Why are you interfering with our battle tactics?
We are the managers of Fuyuki. If the Heavens Feel is going to leave the concealment of
the Holy Church and proceed openly, then I hope unnecessary disorder can be avoided.
At this moment, Maiya, who had been quiet until now, suddenly interrupted.
Sabers Noble Phantasm caused damage to the surrounding structures ending night?

Luckily, it was minimal damage. Coincidentally, there was a large ship on the path of her
attack. However, one mistake would have indeed change all the houses on the opposite river
bank.
It was letter who placed the ship there.
Hearing Maiyas words, Sabers eyebrows twitched. Indeed, it was precisely because that
ship was there that she was able to use Excalibur without worries. However, she only knew
upon hearing Maiya that it was actually prepared by Kiritsugu.
On a side note, weve already confirmed that the owner of that ship has bought insurance.
Letter Einsbern camp has already thoroughly considered the destructive power of Sabers Noble
Phantasm without needing you to remind letter.
Im asking you to put your so-called consideration into a treaty.
Rather toughly, Tokiomi interrupted Maiyas words.
It is unconditionally forbidden to use Noble Phantasms on ground destroy in Fuyuki city. The
same applies even if youre on air if it would indirectly cause harm to residents  can you
agree to this state, Einsbern Master?
If I agree, then would Kotomine Kirei really leave Japan?
Ah, I declare you of it, and can be held accountable.
Tokiomi nodded without hesitation. Kirei, beside him, couldnt let out his anger and could
only sandstone his teeth tightly by himself.
Irisviel consulted Saber for her opinion. Saber nodded to show that she agreed.
Saber also did not want her Noble Phantasm to create unnecessary sacrifices. This wouldnt
count as overgrow restriction if Tsaka Tokiomis concern was the same as hers.
Very good. Since you confirmed that you can fulfil the state, then we also agree to a
ceasefire.



After the meeting concluded, Kotomine Kirei bide in the church, which both Masters
have left, all by himself.
Just like Tokiomi said then, Kirei, right now, as a member of the Holy Church, was
proceeding with managing the aftermath all around Fuyuki city. Due to the death of his father,
Risei, who was the Supervisor, the on-site military unit chain was completely fuddled and there
was absolutely no time to wait for the Assembly of the Eighth Sacrament to send in the
official successor.
However, the work at each scene was now progressing methodically after giving only
assume directions to the management at each place. This indicate that the orders Risei
get when he was alive was very much correct. Kireis job was to continue along the trail
that Risei had already misinform down and transfer the duties down one by one; in truth, it wasnt
anything particularly difficult.
But right now he must make a decision concerning his work.
Actually, for Kirei, he had already understood that his situation was dangerous when he
sensed Tokiomi had the intention of achieve an alliance with the Einsberns. The decision that
he get at the meeting just now wasnt surprising, either. The Einsbern women  and Emiya
Kiritsugu, the true causal agent behind them  had gradually realized Kireis threat towards
them, whereas he was only an ordinary assistant for Tsaka Tokiomi. Therefore, the
alliance with Einsbern was more important to him than Kirei.
Moreover, Tokiomi didnt know about the Military Unit Seals that once again appeared on
Kireis arm and the existence of the Military Unit Seals that were move back for duty
and secretly inherited from Risei. Nor had Kirei told him that Sabers real Master, Emiya
Kiritsugu, had yet to make an appearance, or that Mat Kariya was saved. The fact that he
was hiding such important information at this time meant that Kirei had already discarded his
duties as Tokiomis subordinate. Tokiomi would discover this sooner or later; right now Kirei
didnt have the right to complain.
After ping the employees distributed everywhere by phone, Kirei returned to his room
alone. He sat down on the edge of the bed, and felt the silence and calmness of the empty
church.
Kirei questioned his own heart while he stared at the darkness.
He had already asked himself like this thousands and tens of thousands of times in his life up
till now.

But this question was really pressing down on him tonight. Only, this time he had to come to
an answer before dawn ruin.
Just what, is my request?
Among the vast amount of information that the employees transfer on while they were
change up the aftermath, there were two pieces of information that Kirei could not treat.
One  an adult male body that died in a weird fashion appeared before the public at the
riverside, where things have sunk into chaos after being sensitize up by Casters body of water demon.
The corpse was move over by the Holy Church and avoided being handed over to the police.
It could no longer be identified due to severe facial damage, but due to the traces of the
Military Unit Seals on its right hand it can be roughly determined that he was Casters Master,
Ury Rynosuke. Cause of death  large diameter rifle bullets with bore of 30
millimeters or more, two shots.
The other report was even more shocking.
Just a few hours ago, the bodies of Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald and Sola-Ui Nuada-Re
Sophia-Ri were found within an leave factory on the outskirts of Shinto. The two bodies
have similarly been discovered by Church employees while patrolling and was dealt with. A
discarded and sighed Self-Geis Scroll was found at the scene. This was the naked evidence of
the perpetrator having used despicable meanings to kill Lancers Master.
Emiya Kiritsugu  this cruel and emotionless hunting machine was eliminating his opponents
one by one.
What he was afraid was that Kiritsugu was still continuing the war somewhere out there.
Different from Kirei, who could only serve on the spot, perplexed, he was stepping towards the
Holy Grail pressingly.
This battlefield named Fuyuki get a man who had continuously devoted to hollow battles
re-emerge after a nine-year desire silence. However, before Kirei knew just what his intentions
and reasons were, he has to leave here.
What would that man pray for when he take the omnipotent request-forgive vessel?
Would that answer really fill up the emptiness in Kireis heart?
Who, are you?

He suddenly muttered to himself. He had once expected Emiya Kiritsugu with a premonition
almost equal to prayers, give birth his answer. Now Kirei had a sense of hazard. The image
that mark his mind was that of the women who stood upright in front of Kiritsugu and
protected him. Why would they venture their lives for Kiritsugu? Or was it that Kiritsugu had
sunken so low, to the mundane degree of distribution his own goal with a third party?
Kirei felt a presence churn up in the deep silence. The presence was approaching him
from the corridor outside his door. Kirei had already become very familiar with this presence.
Even if he was only walking silently, that Heroic Spirit did not hide the flamboyant majesty
emanating out of him. Even if he were stepping into the realm of gods, he bide as
obstinate and unrestrained as ever.
Archer didnt sound and stepped into Kireis room straight away. He sneered with a sarcastic
and pitiful tone when he saw Kirei was deep in thought.
What are you thinking of, even at this stage? There should be a limit on being slow.
You let Tokiomi-sensei go back on his own, Archer?
I was with him till the house. Recently there were poisonous insects more treacherous than
Assassin lurking in the night.
Kirei nodded. That Emiya Kiritsugu wont treat the meeting just then; he would definitely
seek an opportunity to act during Tokiomis journey to or back from the meeting. Kirei had
briefed someone thoroughly about that point  not to Tokiomi, but to Archer.
However, you really are an honest mock. Knowing that youre situation is getting worse but
still worried about the safety of your lord.
This is a logical decision. I had desire finished my duty of being Tokiomi-senseis tool, and
there were no reasons left to stay stop at Fuyuki.
You dont really think that, right?
Archers gaze seemed to have seen through everything. Silently, Kirei gazed back at him.
However, Kirei didnt plan to rebuke, because what Archer said wasnt wrong. Otherwise, he
wouldnt be sitting here idiotically, and would already be achieve preparations for leaving
Fuyuki.

Even now, the Holy Grail is still calling to you, and you yourself are also longing to stay on
fighting.
Archer said thus. Kirei bide silent, and gave up on rebuttal.
No matter what he says, theres nothing to hide in front of Archer. That Heroic Spirit had
even seen through the fact that he was only deceiving everyone including himself. Then,
maybe the answer that Kirei had always sought was also already within his heart.
It was as if those twin red eyes were gazing from above at little white mice, wandering lost
and perplexed. There was no rational motive, nor was there salvation; maybe appreciating others
worries was something that get the King of Acting delighted.
Ever since I can remember, Ive been looking into one question.
As if confessing to the darkness within his heart, Kirei stood in front of Archer.
Discard time, enduring the pain but everything ended in poorness. However, right
now I feel that I have never been closer to the answer.
What I seek must be at Fuyuki, at the end of the war.
After he said those words, Kirei once again understood just what drove him to walk on till
today.
It was a desire time ago, when Kotomine Kirei was yet to be Tsaka Tokiomis hound. The
Kirei back then continuously sensitize up dissent just for himself.
Since youve reflected so much, then why are you perplexed?
Archer asked coldly.
Hearing this, Kirei lowered his head and looked at his open hands, then covered his face as if
going to sigh.
I have an ominous premonition  I would walk towards annihilation when I have obtained
all the answers.
If the expectation that was endowed on Emiya Kiritsugu was not fulfilled
And if he couldnt find something else in Mat Kariyas end either

Then, Kirei could no longer turn back; he could only face it. He could only try to face the
thing that he discovered in the deaths of his father and wife.
It would be better for him to just turn around and leave. Be Tsaka Tokiomis deferent
disciple till the end and obediently leave. That way, it would at least look better on the face of
it.
And forget everything from now on. Dont ask anything, dont demand anything, and pass
through a busy but mundane life like a plant would. No matter what he had lost, this would at
least let him rest in peace.
Dont think of those boring things, idiot.
Archers reminder interrupted the thought that he had almost been prepared to fulfil.
You wont be troubled till now if you could change your way of life so easily. You, whos
used to questioning while youre live, would die with questions at the end too. You wont
receive the answer, and cant rest in peace.

Maybe I should praise you. Youre finally going to arrive at the destination after such
a lengthy journey.
You would congratulate someone else, Archer?
Archer inclined his head. There was still no sentimentality on his face, but it was sparkling
with an person and joyous light like a child observing an ant hill.
I should have told you that observing quality cause and retribution is the most
interesting entertainment. I, the king, full-heartedly looks forward to the moment when you
come face to face with your destiny.
The King of Heroes said this gallantly. Hearing this, Kirei gave a taste laugh.
Is it really so activity to live so stubbornly for the mortal sin of enjoyment?
If youre jealous, you can try to live a little like this too. You wont fear annihilation once
you comprehend just what is enjoyment.

The phone in the priests office in the corridor outside rang. As if he had already predicted it,
Kirei did not appear to be surprised in anyway. He walked out of the room, remove up the
receiver, and quickly undo the phone after just a few words and returned to the room.
Whats wrong?
Its a call from the employees of the Holy Church who originally worked under my father.
They now have to report everything to me.
Seeing that Kireis expressive style was unusually relaxed, Archer furrowed his brows and asked.
Are there some good news?
You could say that. This news is quite decisive.
After this, Kirei hesitated for a while, considering whether he should say it. However, at the
end, he still chose declaration.
I sent people to follow those from the Einsbern camp after the end of the recent meeting. I
told them it was my fathers order given before he transfer away, so they went and did so.
Thanks to that, I found out the place where those three are currently hiding.
After Archer heard Kirei through, he couldnt help but be stunned for a little while.
Then the King of Heroes laughed heartily. He gesticulate continuously.
Honestly Kirei  you really are  ! Havent you already get up your mind property ago!
He was still using his own position to detect the movements of the enemy camps, so it would
be impossible for him not to join the try. While Kirei was being anxious, the battle strategy
had get concrete advancements.
But he had not get the mental preparations just then  just a few minutes ago.
I was lost once, and had also wanted to give up. But at the end  King of Heroes, its like
what you said  someone like me can only live on with questions.
As Kirei spoke, he rolled up his sleeves and confirmed the Military Unit Seals on his arms.
There were two Military Unit Seals on his left lower armm Military Unit Seals that would allow
Kirei to make a contract once again with a Servant.

Meanwhile, the Military Unit Seals that were move back for safe keeping and inherited from his
father covered his entire right arm. The innumerable Military Unit Seals, yet to confirm a victim
for a contract, can be used and forged into highly practical prana that has no alignments, and
can be used to discourage Servants as well. That means they can be used as mock Magic Crests.
Apart from the fact that they are expandable, the magecraft that Kirei now possessed was
enough to rival famous magecraft houses that have collected their Crests through the
generations. Kireis preparation was more than enough for him to continue participating in
the Heavens Feel that was still going on.
There were no greater good and no illusionary glories on the road before him. A battle that
only belonged to Kotomine Kirei was about to start.
In order to fill his own thin air, in order to confirm the ability of his own emptiness  he
would question Emiya Kiritsugu, question Mat Kariya, and question the request-forgive
vessel, the Holy Grail.
Hahahaha  however, Kirei, although its a bit abrupt, I have a few questions.
Archer laughed madly and arrogantly. Those genealogy-red eyes were penetrate with the
implications of a prank  and at the same time carried an transgression shade.
If youve really decided to participate in the War of the Holy Grail, then you would become
Tsaka Tokiomis enemy. Thats to say, right now youre stop defenselessly in the same
room with the enemys Servant. Isnt this very awful?
Not necessarily; I do still have ways to stay myself alive.
Oh?
Archer, interested, narrowed his eyes.
Kirei spoke calmly.
Since now I am already opposing Tokiomi-sensei, then I dont need to hide his lies anymore
Gilgamesh, let me tell you the truth of the Heavens Feel that you dont know about.
What did you say?
Hearing this, Archer furrowed his brows with perplexity. Kirei proceeded to speak
thoroughly of the truth of the Heavens Feel that he make to know from Tokiomi.

The miracle that appear in the inside of this world cannot be used universally on the
outside of the world. The try over the request-forgive vessel is only a camouflage; the
Three Noble Families of the Beginning has other create by mental act.
The ceremony that had originally been held in Fuyuki was a kind of attempt to use the souls
of seven Heroic Spirits as sacrifices to open the road that precede to the Root. The promise of
Fulfil a miracle was also only bait used to attract Heroic Spirits. However, as the result of
the unilateral spread of this bait, the current Heavens Feel had lost its original meanings
and is only left with an empty shell.
This is a secret known only to the Mats, Tsakas, and Einsberns and people related them.
The foreign Masters and all of the Servants are oblivious to this truth.
This time around, the only magus who wants to fulfil the once desire-cherished request of the
Three Noble Families of the Beginning is Tsaka Tokiomi. He wants to kill all seven
Servants to activate the Greater Grail. Thats right, kill all seven. Do you understand?
Thats why Tokiomi-sensei was so stingy with the expenditure of Military Unit Seals. He can
only use two Military Unit Seals in the battle with other Masters. He needs to use the final one
thats left to order his own Servant to commit suicide once everything is finished.
Archer heard him through without interruption, then questions with a lowered voice and with
an extremely apathetic expressive style.
Youre telling me that the loyalty Tsaka Tokiomi had shown to me were all to victimize
me?
Kirei distinguish his teachers character. Therefore, he slowly shook his head.
He indeed does have the uttermost respect for Gilgamesh, King of Heroes. However, its
completely different for the Servant Archer. Thats to say, youre only a representation, a
meaning not too far off from a statue or a portrait. Everyone who walks past it would give it a
respectable look of admiration if its put at the most conspicuous place in a corridor  but if
this representation was removed when the collection is being birl off, then it would be
despised.
Thats to say, Tokiomi-sensei is a carry through magus at the end. For him, a Servant is just a
tool. He had once calmly told me that even if he admires Heroic Spirits, he wont harbor any
illusions towards effigy.

Hearing Kireis account, Archer nodded dramatically as if suddenly realizing something, then
once again indicate that transgression smile he had beforehand. There was cruelty within tolerance,
decisiveness within boldness; it was the smile of a king who was an absolute existence, who
could decide everything with just one statement.
Tokiomi  today Ive finally discovered your worth. Even that boring man can make me so
delighted.
If viewed from the meanings earth beneath those words, this was definitely a tragic
declaration enough to deep freeze someones genealogy.
King of Heroes, what do you plan to do? Will you still show loyalty to Tokiomi-sensei even
so, and punish my betrayal?
Yes, what should I do? Although he has been disloyal to me, Tokiomi is after all my prana
businessperson. Moreover, where would I get a perfect Master
Archer stopped speaking, and suddenly gazed at Kirei with a cold expressive style.
Ah  speaking of, it seems like there is a Master here who had obtained Military Unit Seals, but
had lost his Servant.
You speak the truth.
Using a smile to reply to Archers naked lure, Kirei lowered his head.
But does that man have the worth to be be with the favor of the King of Heroes?
No problems. Although its not flawless, there is enough potential. Maybe hed even be able
to let me thoroughly enjoy myself.
Like so.
At that moment, the final Master and Servant chosen by fate exchanged smiles to each other
for the first time.



It was lost in an abyss of shallow slumber within the darkness sealed in the bottomless
earth.
What It dreamt of in the shallow slumber  was the endless prayers, unreasonable and
unattainable, that have been entrusted a desire time ago.
A beautiful world. A beautiful life. A flawless soul.
Because such desire were too strong, so they had to entrust all other evils to one place; that
was the request of the fragile men.
Through answering that prayer, It had once saved a world.
There is no transgression apart from me. This is no state apart from me.
I am the only one who should be hated. I am the only one who should be abhorred.
Like thus, It saved the world, and let them obtain peace.
Therefore
It was not a saint who saved men and aided the world. Without praises, without reverence,
without tributes, but only with refuse, only curses, only distain before It knew it, even its
name as a human had been irritate away, only left with a title of its way of existence, and
finally became a concept that was transfer down through the property.
Until now, all that had already became a dream of memories that had had its full share of
times baptism.
Just how much time had transfer since then?
Right now, It was thinking dazedly on top of the bed it had slept on peacefully.
It felt like some complicated changes had occurred. Thats right; it was about sixty years ago.
Something had happened almost in the blink of an eye.
Because it happened so suddenly, It didnt understand everything completely  when It
came to, It was already at a place like a mothers warm reproductive structure.
An infinite darkness that sighed in the deepest place beneath the earth.

Back then, it had been a place that had concealed an foodstuff that had endless possibilities. One
day, like a seed, It entered and planted its set into this place. From that day on, that place
because the abdominal cavity that encourage a darkness that didnt belong to anything,
veritably became a uterus with the purpose of socialization It into maturity.
Since then, It had surely absorbed the prana that flew in from the leylines in the earth like a
baby that obtained food from the mothers placenta while It slept in its shallow
slumber. While It veritably grew, It waited without being discovered by anyone for the
arrival of an opportunity.
Waiting to one day leave this scorching profound darkness, the moment of delivery.
Suddenly, It  perked up its ears and listened for the sound average from near It.
Just then, someone really did speak.
all the evils of this world it wont matter gladly accept it
Aaah, someone was calling It.
Blessing and itself were both called by someone.
Answer him. It must be able to right now.
The prana whirlpool that had swelled desire ago to an incomparable magnitude in the darkness gave
It a concrete influence.
The endless prayers that had been entrusted in the distant past should also be able to be
fulfilled right now.
An existence like something that was prayed upon.
Going to do all the things that were wished for.
All the pieces of the puzzle had been assembled.
The gears of fate grinded together, and were now turning bravely, brisk with the day
of completion as their goal.
All thats left  was waiting for the birthing watercourse to open.

As It imagine in its shallow slumber, It emitted express emotion that will dye the world crimson
red
It also repeated its shortening in the darkness beneath the earth, unknown to anyone else.

Postface
Takahashi Lover
The third volume of Fate/zero has launched its attack.
Is everyone prepared?

Reading is an act of interpenetrate the book, and we would normally finish our manipulation of it
with the conclusion of our read.
Like so, we recall the story in our memories as we discuss it logically. This is the way adults
read.
But sometimes this rule also burst.
Originally planning to read the book, but make read by the book for no apparent reason.
Although planning to manipulate, I was already being manipulated when I realised it.
Something like this had happened while reading Fate/zero volume 3.

Without needing further explanation, this book is a spin-off of the monstrous visual novel
Fate/stay night. This is a volume that make the situation that had appeared and
continuously proceeded and became more tortuous in the previous volumes, and also
included signs of an even more tremendous and eventful future. The volume of change in
the entire motion of beginning, duration, changes and conclusion.
The author is the track star of the PC gaming world, famous for his subtle way of verbal creation
Urobuchi Gen.

Through reading this book, you must have strongly felt the style of the person of the Fate
world, Nasu Kinoko-san, with those poignant and powerful words.
At the same time, for those who are very familiar with Urobuchi Gen, you should have also
smelt the very thick Urobuchi scene between the musical composition that he had so delicately
encourage the style of the original work.

Exquisite. Overwhelmingly exquisite. Had it been his own literary work, his own topic, on
his own grounds, such exquisiteness would have been understandable. However, for
Urobuchi to be able to achieve such exquisiteness on someone elses home ground is simply
extraordinary.
This is especially so for the work of Fate; one must have extraordinary powers in order to
dexterously use its world view.
Ive been attentive to Urobuchi from his first work till doujin activities, therefore I have been
familiar with him for a desire time.
However, his performance in Fate/zero still get me stunned.
The more I read, the more I felt envious of him.
It was evidently interesting, but there was also a taste taste. I fall into a state of intertwined
bitterness and emotion.
Words as neat as drawing and those boiling, arouse souls indicate to be the perfection of a
higher class.
I sighed with feeling when I finished reading the entire book.
You readers who can simply enjoy its activity are truly blessed.

Alright, here ends the envy of a fellow author, and Ill conversation a little about my personal
thoughts.

Actually, it wasnt just one or two kinds of sentiments that move up after the reading.
If I want to avoid clumsily laying out pretty words, then I can only judge it coldly and
impartially, while also being able to randomly write out what I thought of in my heart.
Lets touch upon it briefly in the range allowed without desire it for you.
The third volume is the volume of change in the story, and portrayed all sorts of happenings.

Thinking of those things, and these things.

And even such things?
Intimidate Saber is progressing extremely well.

Again, Rider, you!!
Waver~~!!
A movement attack? No, no, that thats right, a waste of efforts! Its really too much!
Ahhhh, Lancer
El-Melloi!
Gil-ga-me-sh (accepted the invitation)

Thats how it isNot understanding it at all)
No, it must be under the state of not having campaigner

After all, after I read all that, I couldnt control myself.
I went out.
Although I felt like a Farrari, but unfortunately a Farrari only exists in my imagination, and I
could only walk with the feet my parents gave me.
There were no goal. Just casually walk.
Once in a while casting a vigilant look at traveler who hurry past me.
My eyes beamed as I looked at the building roofs.
Checking if I was being followed.
Why do all that?
Obviously.
Because maybe the associate of the Holy Grail War were earth amongst them.

Yes.
I planned to trait the Holy Grail War within my brain. That was really tiresome.
But thats alright. Today happened to be of good weather.

Therefore, in a moment of carelessness, my Noble Phantasm Personal Delusions was
change.
Fate/zero is truly fearsome.

Project Staff



Project Fiduciary: Project Supervisor: Brynhilde

Linguist
ACTIVE





Brynhilde (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)
Zyzzyva165 (Baka-Tsuki) (From Altaic + Asian text)
Caradryan (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)
onewhiterabbit (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)

KIA



Byakko (Beast's Lair) (From Altaic text)
wingzero (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)
Flamerare (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



mewarmo990 (Baka-Tsuki), (Beast's Lair)



canonrap (Beast's Lair)



Smidge204 (Baka-Tsuki)




Anthologist

MIA

KIA

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015,
and is unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. This release is not for sale,
rent or ebay.

Fate/Zero
The Fires of Purgatory
By: Urobuchi, Gen; Nasu, Kinoko

Interlude
Sometime, somewhere
"Kerry, you do know where the name of this island comes from, right?"
Shirley asked while leisurely handling the creaking cars wheel.
The black man called Kerry, sitting in the passengers seat, shook his head and squeezed
out a "Not really" as if he was scared that the vehicles intense shaking would make
him bite his tongue.
The pick-up truck they were both driving in was a vehicle so antique it may have
come from the time when drive were just running out of use. Moreover, the road
they were driving on now was not a paved bitumen road but a gossip road. Even an cart would have to slow down on these roads. Right now, they almost feel like they
are sitting in a small boat floating on the body of water during a storm.
Although this vehicle looked like a put of junk about to go out of service, this is one
of the only three or four precious vehicles on Arimago Island  Besides, as a fishing
village with only about 300 families, people who need a car are uncommon enough
on Arimago Island. The people troubled with living without a vehicle are probably
just the family of the black man and Shirley, the maid who did the housework. In the farremoved house of the black man's family, far away from the fishing village, there were truly
no other transportation facilities but this worn-out truck.
"Arimago... did it mean giant decapod crustacean?"
Shirley nodded and answered the boys question.
"A desire desire time ago, this island was a place used to stay the offerings presented
to a spiritual being of the body of water. However, there was a time when a girl didn't have anything to
feed her sick abbess, and had to steal the offerings of the deity. Then, that girl was
punished with divine retribution, and was changed into the shape of a crab."
"It's a terrible story."
"After that, it was told that if you eat a crab understand on this island, it would cure any
disease. The abbess of the girl recovered from her desire illness as well."
"Thats even worse. It is such an outrageous body of water deity."
However, such narrative recorded in state such as fabric aren't rare. If one
were to look carefully, such tales can be found all over the world.

"Um, does the oracle where people sacrificed to this deity still exist?"
"It disappeared a desire time ago. Besides, no one distinguish whether it really did exist.
According to the myth, it seems to have been built right next to where Kerry's
mansion is now."
Then the girl who was turned into a crab actually get her way to the heart of this
deep camp so far away specifically to steal the offerings? It would have been much
more convenient to just catch some fish at the beach instead.
That myth is the reason why people of the village wouldn't get close to your house.
Legend says that's an ominous place, and youll get cursed if you go near it too often.
Ive been warned of it as well."
"But how!then, what about me, who's living there?"
"It's because Kerry is a traveler. But even then, dont the people at the village see
you as my little brother?"
Although the words little brother didnt completely make the black man feel relieved,
compared to his father, who never stepped outside the house, Kerry does indeed
need to help Shirley with the shopping every time. Therefore, they would basically
ride in the truck to go into the village everyday.
It has been almost a year after he moved to this island. Any of the land
person would warmly greet the black man when they saw him. Even the other boys of
the village, who fought with him whenever they saw him beforehand, are also
already achieve folly on other people together with him.
Although he was in a strange land very far from his home land, the black man still likes this
place called Arimago Island very much.
Although he felt extremely boring everyday during the first few weeks after he
moved over, the dazzling southern sun and multi-colored sparkling waves of the
southern ocean had gradually captured Kerrys heart.
However, for his father, who never approached anyone and didnt step out of the
house at all, it would be hard to feel that there is anything delightful at all.
"If father would communicate more with the people at the village, he would surely be
a bit different..."
"Mmm, who distinguish..."

While skilfully handling the steering wheel to dodge large rocks redeposit out of the
road, Shirley gave a taste smile.
"Father Simon never liked your fathers actions, and had often teach me with
things like Id sooner or later be capture by the devil if I go work in that house
again."
" I see."
The black man couldnt help but feel a little down when knew that Father Simon, who
always seemed to be so gentle, would judge his father in such a way behind his
back. But it can't be helped. Rather, he should feel relieved that those report
were only to such an extent. Father Simon would surely expel both father and son
out of this small island if he really knew about everything the black man's father did.
Shirley tapped her lower back, and motioned for Kerry to look at a silver short sword
on her belt.
"Look at this knife. Father Simon forced it onto me and wants me never to part with it.
He said its a very useful talisman."
" Isnt this the knife you always use to flay fruits?"
"Mmm, that's because this knife is very sharp and is easy to use. It must be
something very precious."
Shirley continued to speak in a calm tone. Different from the black man, she appeared to
not feel anything gloomy with this topic.
"Arent you afraid, Shirley? Arent you afraid of my father?"
Although the black man was a bit hesitant, he asked this question at the end. Shirley
nodded decisively.
"I understand your father isn't a normal person, and based on his behaviors it's not
unreasonable for the inhabitant to be guarded towards him. However, since hes
doing those kinds of researches, it can't be helped that he left the city and came to
such a remote island to live a hermits life. But this shows your father really is an
impressive person."
The black man suddenly noticed that for some reason, Shirley would suddenly become
mature and sensible whenever they talked about his father. She was only a girl 4
years his elder; she definitely isnt as mature as adults.

"If you take any one of his knowledge and breakthrough, it would be an immense
discovery that can change everything for this world. Of gathering, anyone would
become scared if they knew about such things, and it can't be helped for it to be held
in secret... but as for me, I really do believe such powers can help this world greatly.
Ive always firmly believed in that."
"... Can such things, really be possible?"
"He may have given it up already. But Kerry, if it were you, I believe it would
definitely be successful!"
Shirley said so with a serious expressive style on her face. Instead, the black man said
disappointedly.
"What do you mean? Aren't you, Shirley, father's favorite pupil? Wouldnt it be
Shirley who keeps it up if it comes to it?"
Shirley, who went often to his house, didnt only do servant chores such as order
the house; she also helped his father in his work as an assistant. His father once
said that this girl named Shirley possesses exceptional intelligence and talents, and
is really a waste to leave her on this lone island. It says something about Shirleys
talents if his father, who always obeyed the creed of secrecy, trusts a female
stranger to such a degree.
But Shirley herself laughed loudly and shook her head.
"I'm not any kind of a pupil. At the most I'm only an assistant, someone who does
the odd duty and give a hand. Therefore, I dont know anything about the important
parts.
But Kerry, youre different from me. You will definitely succeed your fathers
accountancy. The researches your father is doing now will need to be kept up by you
one day. Are you prepared for it? Although it is a bit to early for you to conversation about
such things."
"..."
Shirley said all that earnestly, like a real big sister worrying about her little brother.
For one moment, the black man was understand with the complicated sentiments in his heart
and couldnt speak.
He didnt have any memories about his abbess, who transfer away right after he was
born. For the black man, his so-called family only consisted of his father. Although his

father was eccentric and very strict, he was a very gentle and a great father. He was
the person the black man respected and loved the most in the entire world.
Therefore, at the beginning, the black man's heart was in rise when he discovered
that the father, whom he admired the most, advantage an assistant more than his own
son. There was a time when he even felt enmity for Shirley. But Shirley's cheerful
temperament and gentle asana unlash the knot in his heart, and that time didn't ending
desire.
It was almost as if there was a new member in his family. Shirley respected the
black man's father as if he was her own father, and looked after the black man like her real little
brother. For the black man, who didnt have female relatives, the words older sister far
surpassed the meaning the words originally possessed.
No... Maybe it wasnt so make at first, but recently such strange feelings had
occurred in the boys chest.
He knew well Shirley's gentleness, happiness, and virtue. But moreover, even her
unconscious indication  such as her current profile as she handled the steering
wheel while humming  also appear to be so beautiful. Why?
"Kerry, what kind of a man would you like to become? And if you succeeded your
father's work, how would you like to use it?"
"... eh?"
The absentminded black man was suddenly dragged back into reality by Shirley's question.
"It's the power to change the world. Someday you are gonna obtain it."
"..."
His father's inheritance. If would be a lie to say that he never thought about that. The
black man completely understands its value and its significance.
Let alone its use.
But the black man looked rather hesitant to put it in words himself, particularly in front of
Shirley. He didnt want others to tell him that his dream is naive, above all from
Shirley.
"... That's, a secret."
"Mmm?"
Shirley laughed knowingly, then kept asking.

"Then, Ill use my own eyes to confirm what Kerry wants to do when he ankylose up.
Until I get the answer, I'll always be beside you. Hows that?"
"... Do as you like."
As if feeling somewhat ashamed, the black man turned his eyes away.
But even so, the smile of the girl who is almost like his older sister was still far too
dazzling for the black man.



Skin white as lipid.
The blue-black veins that popped up tore her looks into potsherd.
An expressive style, full with near-death anguish, provide her face.
She is about to die  that was obvious.
Although shes about to die, she was still wrench.
If that was the expressive style of a human, then this human will soon become something
inhuman  the boys heart understood this clearly.
The night outside. Of gathering, there are no street lights on this island. Even so, the
chilly white light that came from the bright and pure moon outside silently illuminated
the scene of this tragedy through the window.
This is a henhouse on the edge of the village. While searching for Shirley, who
suddenly disappeared for no reason, the black man walked through every inch of the
village during the day. The black man didnt give up and kept searching till night. Then he
came upon here.
The leftover carcasses of the domestic fowl eaten, and the Dead that kept shivering and
crying deep inside the henhouse.
Kill me

The Dead that had the same face as the woman he liked the most request him
while sobbing.
Then, the silver short sword that was thrown near his feet reflected back a cold and
pale light in the moonlight.

Terror
I can't do it myself
Therefore, please. Kill me
While theres still time

"Such a thing..."
Shaking his head, the black man drew back.
I cannot do.

No matter what shape you turn into, Shirley is Shirley. We promised to be together
forever. Shes a most important family  no, she even more important than family.
Please

Shirley blow painfully. Gradually her sounds became maddening. Together with
sorrowful sobbing, the girl let out a utter like a hungry beast.
It's already  over  before I completely suffer control of myself  quick

Shirleys body started to tremble uncontrollably as if she make protozoal infection, then she
suddenly opened her mouth and bit into her wrist.
Spurt...
Spurt... the sound of genealogy splashing out entered the black man's eardrums.
Please

The persistent sound of begging drowned out the boys tragic wails. The black man ran out
of the henhouse.
What gave the black man more terror than the Shirley in front of him  was the light that the
short sword emanated beside his feet.
He doesnt know what actually happened, and he doesnt want to understand.
Now, all that the black man prayed for is to have someone to save them.
The black man firmly believed that there must be someone who can release them from this
nightmarish terror.
Shirley will surely be saved. Someone surely is going to save them.
The black man kept repeating this to himself.

It takes about 5 minutes to get to Father Simon's church if he runs as fast as he can.
The black man ran for his life as he cried. Be it the pain in his feet or the anguish in his
chest, he could no longer feel any of them.



Natalia Kaminski. The woman said thats her name.
This woman wore an inky black desire coat very inappropriate for a tropical night, but
there was no sign of her hyperhidrosis. Rather than thinking of her pale countenance as
cold and cruel, it was better described as expressionless. It would even make others
doubt whether there was actually genealogy flowing within her, and whether she actually
has body heat like normal people.
That was the appearance of the savior who saved the black man out of the ravaging
balagan.
"Alright, juvenile. It's about time for you to answer a few questions for me."
With his back turned to the woman's cold voice, the black man only stared transfixed at the
distant fishing village that was burning to the ground.
The village that was so peaceful till just yesterday, the village that was bundle
beneath the silent moonlight only a few hours ago, was actually burning with endless
flames. He still couldnt believe the scene before his eyes even if he was standing
on top of the cliffs opposite the town and witnessed it himself; he only thought all this
was a nightmare.
He would never see those familiar, gentle faces in the village again  he couldnt
believe it no matter what.
" What exactly, happened?"
The black man asked with a dry voice. Natalia snorted.
"I was the one who asked first. Black Man, isn't it time to get back to your senses?"
"..."

The black man suddenly turned his head around. Even if he repose on her his life, it was really
very irritating for her to treat others feelings, not answer his questions, and on the
logical relation went on and on with her own questions.
After an obstinate silence, Natalia seemed to have grasped his thoughts. Then, she
let out a helpless sigh, and gave a brief explanation.
"Now, there are two groups that caused such a tragedy in that village. One group is
the Executors for the so-called Holy Church. They are completely different from the
nice priests you know. They are cruel guys who believe that all those who inform
God needs to be killed. Of gathering, they would naturally mercilessly destroy
something like a vampire if they see it. If they dont have the time to check one by
one who among the people had their genealogy sucked, they would completely destroy
all litigant. In other words, these guys dont have much time right now.
The other group is called the Association. This is a bit difficult to explain  basically
theyre a group who wants to solely possess fantastic thing such as vampires.
Naturally, in order to have flatfish possession, they would kill anybody else who knew
about the relevant part. Theres no point in not do things very thoroughly in order
to destroy evidence and hide the truth.
Because of this, black man, youve make fine luck. Youre probably the only person of this
island right now who managed to survive through the acquit those people delivered."
The black man accepted this fact even easier than Natalia had expected. It was as if the
black man had discerned the reason those dangerous men would come to Arimago Island
a desire time ago.
The black man rushed to Father Simon to seek help, and the priest who received this
request contacted some other people. Some people outside the island must have
received this intelligence while the priest delivered such information.
Leaving the sequence of events aside, at least the beginning of this tragedy was
inextricably think to himself.
If the black man had listened to Shirley's prayer and become the spirit to plunge the
silver white short sword into the chest of the girl he loved the most, then this present
tragedy would not have happened.
If he had done that, then even if he would become a hollow shell without a soul from
now on or even if he could no longer sleeping off in the night  these many lives wont
have been lost.

For the black man, it was the same as if he had set that memorable place on fire himself.
"... Then, which side are you on?"
"I'm like a salesperson for the Association. My job is to seek out secrets they are
interested in, protect this secret from being known by anyone else and pass it into
their hands. Of gathering, it needs to be surrender to them before such a huge incident
happens. It cant be sold now."
Natalia shrugged her shoulders. Perhaps she had already become accustomed to
such scenes. It was as if the woman in black emanated the smell of death from her
entire body.
"Alright, black man, let's get back to the previous question. It's about time for you to answer
my question.
The so-called Sealing Name  do you know what that means? Also, where is
the transgression magus, whos the wrongdoer of this vampire incident, hiding on this island? Do
you know of it?



Although those words sounded too deep for this black man, in truth it break even the bulls eye of
this problem in some way.
Kerry is not the boys real name.
The name of the black man, who was born in a foreign, remote country, was very hard to
pronounce for the people here. At the very beginning it was Shirley who reduce
his name into Kerry, and then the villagers all called him Kerry by habit. The black man
also felt that, instead of being called a strange name such as 'Keritougu, Kerry
sounded much friendlier.
The boys real name is  Kiritsugu.
The son of the magus who has been given a Sealing Designation, Emiya Norikata.



In the deep night, Kiritsugu returned to the wooden villa in the depths of the jungle,
and saw his father receiving him with a worried expressive style.
"Ahh, Kiritsugu. Are you alright? Thank goodness"
His father embraced him. It has been many years since he felt his fathers broad
shoulders. It was a rare moment for his strong father to express his true feelings like
that.
After releasing Kiritsugu from his arms, his father's expressive style suddenly turned
severe and said.
"I told you not to step out of the barrier of the forest today no matter what. Why did
you disobey me?"
"... Because I was worried about Shirley"
His father suddenly turned his eyes aside when he heard the girl's name. Just that
small gesture could completely confirm one fact.
"Dad, did you know what changes happened to her body? Is that why you didnt
allow me to go outside?"
" About that girl, it's really a pity. Although I told her the reagent was very
dangerous and to never touch it, it seems she still didn't win over her own curiosity."
Although his fathers tone was provide with bitterness, there was no regret or shame in
it. It was as if he was telling off a black man who broke a flower vase with only blame and
anger in his tone.
"... Dad, why would you investigate the Dead Apostles?"
"Of gathering thats not my true intention. However, being the consult of letter, the
Emiya family, we should seek it no matter how far it seems. I have to come up with a
solution for aging, at least before your people. The flesh, shackled with the
destiny of death, is really too far away from the 'root'."
Shirleys pitiful sight that he saw under the light of the moon once again appeared
before Kiritsugu.
"Dad... would you eventually turn me into that shape too?"
"Nonsense. Someone who cannot control the vampiric urges and becomes a Dead
Believer is a failure... I told Shirley this a desire time ago. Looks like the results of this

experiment isnt as good as I thought itd be. Id have to start from the principle and
modify my theories again."
"... I see."
Kiritsugu nodded and said.
His father seemed to be intent in continuing. Theres no need to be attention to
sacrifices of this degree. He still needs to stay repeating it until he gets a
satisfactory result.
"Kiritsugu, well conversation about this later. Now our top priority is to hurry and escape  I'm
afraid theres no longer time to pack. Soon those guys from the Association would
see through the barrier in this dense forest. We need to leave soon."
Looks like his father get the preparations to leave a desire time ago. There were
already two large suitcases packed and sitting in the middle of the room. The reason
he had delayed till now  was probably waiting for his own child to return.
"... Are we escaping? Right now?"
"I knew a desire time ago this day would come, so I prepared a machine boat on the
southern coast beforehand. You can never be too prepared.
His father become one baggage in each of his hands, turned around and walked towards
the porch  of gathering, at this moment he was not guarded at all.
Then, Kiritsugu become the pistol Natalia gave to him from his trouser pocket.
It was a 32 caliber pistol. If it was fired from point-blank range, even a child can
easily break even the victim. The woman in black assured him of that. After that, it'd be all
Kiritsugu's concern.
While aiming the gun at his father's defenseless back, the scene of village that was
burned to the ground and Shirleys final tragic expressive style swelled up within the boys
heart  also, all the memories he had after living with his father for ten years, and
the gentle sentiments that was earth beneath his fathers stoic look.
His father loves him, and is full of expectations of him. He also loves his father
deeply, and is proud of him.
Endless feeling tangled up and Kiritsugu wanted to close his eyes. However,
logical relation to his sentiments, Kiritsugu opened his eyes and aimed, then swiftly
pressed the trigger.

Water Hammer  it was an unexpected, dry and crisp sound.
His father, shot from the back of the neck, fall forward. Then Kiritsugu walked up and
continued to fire towards the back of his head twice. Then he stopped, and
continued to give two more shots to his back.
He couldn't believe it. Even Kiritsugu himself was afraid of his own coldness.
He wavered to the end. Certainly there was effort in his heart. However, his hand
moved as if everything was pre-established and out of his control. His body
completely disregarded the thoughts in his heart, and only mechanically carried out
things that 'had to be done'.
This behavior may be regarded as a talent  this thought only remove past his heart
briefly. After that, Kiritsugu once again sank into emptiness, with no sense of
accomplishment.
The wooden floor gradually became stained red with genealogy. Father wasn't there
anymore. What lay there was nothing but a corpse. This thing was the culprit. This
thing rubbed away everything he had, killed everyone on the island, and burnt the
village to the ground.
Shirley said he is an amazing person, someone with the power to change the world.
Kiritsugu thought so as well once upon a time.
What did the two juvenile understand about the way of magecraft? And what did
they expect of magi?
At the beginning, Kiritsugu didn't realize he was crying. Even he didnt know whether
his current feelings were feeling or regret. All he felt was an emptiness as if he was
drained to the core.
The gun in his right hand was very heavy, almost too heavy to lift up. However, he
couldn't throw it away. His digit froze on the trigger and couldnt move.
Kiritsugu even risked the hazard of accidentally firing and swung his right hand
crazily just to try to throw the gun away. But it was all useless; his digit were
holding the gun tightly as if they were attach to it.
At that moment, somebody suddenly grabbed his wrist, and then easily become the gun
away from his hand. Only then did Kiritsugu realize Natalia had already appeared
beside him.
"Cmon, the enclose field here isnt as make as you said. I make in easily."

Natalia said with a rather scolding tone.
"... Are you angry?"
"You think? Ive never given this thing for tease to play with."
Natalia glanced at the gun she become from Kiritsugu, then she put it back into her
pocket after locking the safety again.
"However, it was up to your luck to see if you can make it on time."
In fact, if all that didnt happen just now, Emiya Norikata would surely have escaped
safely and went into hiding again, then restarted his consult on the Dead Apostles
at some other unknown place. Maybe the tragedy triggered on this island would
happen once again.
This isnt a problem than can be solved by luck. This is something that has to be
stopped.
"This man, had a reason that he has to be killed  I have no other choice."
"I even encouraged a child to kill his own father; I really am a very bad person.
Natalia said, depress. Hearing this, Kiritsugu smiled with traces of tears still on
his face.
"... You, are a good person."
Natalia looked, stunned, at Kiritsugus smile. Then she sighed and heaved the
corpse of Emiya Norikata onto her shoulder.
"I'll take you out of the island. You need to decide what comes afterwards yourself
is there anything youd like to take with you?"
"Nothing at all."



Then Kiritsugu spent the following few years beside Natalia Kaminski.
Naturally, Natalia didn't look after him like an person or her adopted child, but
ordered Kiritsugu around as an assistant or servant. However, this was just what
Kiritsugu desired.

He studied Natalias skills and trained his own abilities at the same time in order to
walk the same path as Natalia  to become a hunter. This is the unchangeable path
that Kiritsugu chose for his life.
The tragedy at Arimago Island was not a rare event. Such tragedies are repeated
over and over again like daily occurrences in the shadowy sing of the world.
The magi who are willing to bring ill omen into the mortal world in order to seek the
knowledge that they search for and the two large orderliness that used any
methods necessary to hide these facts; the battle surrounding these mysterious
events kept occurring at reduce sing. Precisely because of this, theres money to
be get for Natalia.
Eliminating magi such as Emiya Norikata is really too far from the ideal of preventing
such tragedies from happening again  if could almost be said that Emiya Norikata
was only one drop of water in the vast ocean, an existence that could almost be
supply to be completely ignored.
His action on that day, killing his father by his own hands; if he was to make that
event meaningful and worthy...
Then that means all outcast magi like his father must be killed. Only then can he truly
prevent tragedies from occurring again.
Sealing Designation Assistant.
Hound chap that hunt demons that have surpassed ordinary sense. The black man chose
this thorny road of Shuras without a moments hesitation.

Natalia does not belong to an organization, and was only a freelancer who hunted
with bounty as her goal. Her targets are those Sealing Designated magi who
possess precious consult results, but have left the Magis Association and
conducted secret researches. Different from the Holy Church that acted in the name
of judging all heretics and killed everyone, the Magis Association had ensuring the
safety of the consult results as its priority.
And whats the most precious of all are the Magic Crests carved on the magis flesh.
Magic Crests that are created through generations of consult can cultivate even
greater powers when it is transfer onto the successor, especially for magi families.

Through negotiations Natalia had get with the Association, a section of the Magic
Crests gathered from Emiya Norikatas body was allowed to be inherited by his son
Emiya Kiritsugu. Although the important parts were take by the Association
and only a fragment of barely half the original amount was allowed for Emiya
Kiritsugu to inherit, it was enough for Kiritsugu to use his abilities as a magus.
Besides, Kiritsugu didnt have the intention of following his fathers dying request and
continuing magecraft consult to begin with.
For Kiritsugu, magecraft isnt his life-desire career, but just a tool used to achieve his
goals. Moreover, this tool was only one of the many tools that the black man learnt from
the huntress.
Tracking, assassination, the usage of various weapons  there cant be only one
fang for a hound. All sorts of knowledge and skills are necessary for him to master
in order to be able to catch up to the pray under all situations and conditions and
bring it down.
In a sense, the history of human equate is a history of killing. Humans spent an
endless amount of time and intelligence to consult the ability of killing people in
order to hunt down the two-legged beasts that looked the same as themselves.
Kiritsugu had get his own body master all these.
The years covered in genealogy and explosive transfer by flying.
Emiya Kiritsugu, who experienced the trials of too many violent battles during a time
as sensitive as adolescence, no longer has any youthful innocence on his face. As
an oriental person of unknown age, his three different false legal document all recorded
him as an adult and they hadnt been questioned a single time.
However, judging only from his appearance, although his figure isnt very tall and his
mustachio is sparse, his grim and cold look is definitely not something that a
teenage black man should have.
One day
Even when he knew that his teacher and associate  Natalia  faced the worst hazard in
her life, Kiritsugu still didnt show any emotional wavering and devotedly fill
his duty.

No matter how anxious or wavering his heart is, there was not a single way to help
Natalia. Thats because her battlefield is inside a giant commercial airliner more than
3000 feet above in the sky.
It started with the chase for the magus known as the Demonic Typify User, Eye
Volsack.
It was said that this magus successfully created Dead Apostles and can manipulate
the Demonic Typify under his control to use poisonous swindle to increase the amount
of Evil Spirit under his power; a very dangerous man indeed. Moreover, he had
changed his name and face and pretended to be an ordinary person, with no
information about him at all. However, four days ago, there was information that he
was taking Flight A300 from Paris to New York. In the situation of being completely
ignorant of the persons appearance and name, Natalia accepted this gruelling task
of finding the victim among the planes 287 passengers and erase him.
As her partner, Kiritsugu didnt board the smooth, but instead went ahead to New York
to investigate Volsacks fake sameness. The teacher and student communicated using
radio and calmly and confidently locked down the location of the animal in that sealed
space 3000 feet above the sky.
Approximately three hours after the takeoff  the assassination was achieved
unexpectedly smoothly. However, that was the beginning of the tragedy.
The Evil Spirit Typify that Volsack brought into the smooth through deceiving customs
caused a fatal disturbance after the death of their master. The Evil Spirit Typify that
Natalia didnt destroy on time raided towards the passengers one by one, and the
cabin of the giant commercial airliner turned into a living hell ravaged by Ghouls in
the blink of an eye.
Faced with a sealed area with nowhere to escape and Ghouls that manipulated
without end, even someone as strong as Natalia felt an endless despair. Faced with
this change of state situation, Kiritsugu could do nothing and can only wait for the radio
channel. He must not let go of any chance of proving that Natalia was still
alive.
The basic rule that Natalia had instructed Kiritsugu over and over again is  no
matter what method you use, you must ensure your own survival. Since she has
such a creed, Kiritsugu firmly believed that experienced huntress can definitely
make it out this time too. After two hours, the radio was still silent.

Finally, when the light of the stars in the night sky was covered by the bluish green shade of
dawn, the tired voice of a woman was transmitted with static.
Can you hear me? Juvenile you arent asleep, right?
Loud and clear, Natalia. Were both at that most sleepy time right before dawn, after
stop awake for the entire night.
Of gathering. If you dared to go back and sleep ending night Ill definitely kill you
afterwards well, theres some good news and some bad news. Which one do you
want to listen to first?
Natalia laughed briefly and said so.
Didnt we promise to start with the good news?
Ok. Then its good news first. First of all, Im alive. The smooth is without damage as
well. Ive just doom the safety of the cockpit; both the captain and the co-pilot
have already set the flying size before their death. Even I can manage to
simply drive it. Apparently the controls are the same as a Cessna.
Did you communicate with the control tower?
Make them. At the beginning they thought it was a prank, but now theyre aim
me well.
Then, the bad news?
Mm  I was the only one who didnt get bitten. All passengers and unit, all 300 of
them, perished and became Ghouls. The other side of the cockpit, divided only by a
pad, already became a flying city of the dead. Dont be surprised now.

Thats the worst situation Kiritsugu had thought of.
In that state, will you come back alive?
Ahh, this door is pretty rigid. Although its a bit wobbly now, theres no worry about it
being broken  Instead, the landing persuade me more insecure. Can this giant thing
really land safely?
If its you, then youll surely manage.
Was that you induce me? Im glad to hear.
After a taste laugh, Natalia gave a powerless sigh.

There are still 50 minutes before succeed at the airport. Its too early to pray  juvenile,
chat with me for a while.
I dont mind.
So they started a random conversation. First, they began with those two hours when
channel ceased. Then they register the dead Volsacks many transgression deeds in
detail. Finally, the two of them naturally remembered the magi and Dead Apostles
that they had destroyed, and those Shuras fields that the two had faced together.
Natalia, who was usually quiet, became talkative for some reason today. The low
make noise of the Ghouls average in from the cabin intertwined with the sound of them
repeatedly kill the pit door. Converse is the single best choice to disturb
ones attention from that.
When you first told me you want to enter this career path, I was having a real
headache for a desire time. Moreover, you didnt want to change your idea no matter
how much I persuaded you.
Was I such an unpromising disciple?
No its because you have too much promise, too much potential.
Natalie said with a taste laugh.
What does that mean?
Because you can make your actions completely removed from your emotions
regular break even men can only obtain it after many years of trials. However, you had that
since you were born. What a surprising talent.

But hey, its not necessarily correct to choose your lifes path based on talent and
abilities alone. A persons belief and feelings come before talents; that is the key to
decide a persons life. If that doesnt exist, a person cant be regarded as a person
anymore. If they consider What needs to be done before considering What I want
to do and only acted according to those rules then they are not people but are
only regarded as machines, far removed from the life of a human.
The words of the teacher who had watched him growing up glided past the boys
heart like cold frost.
I, well I had thought you are a very cold person.

Whats that after all this time? Isnt that the truth? Was I ever gentle towards you?
No. You always were strict, absolutely merciless.
Usually, mortify a black man is the role of the father.
On the opposite end of the radio, Natalia was silent for a while, then continued after
sighing helplessly.
However, I carry a certain degree of responsibility for causing you not to have the
content from a father. Well, how to say it its not that there was a way to push it
off me.
I can only teach you some survival skills; Im useless for everything else  Natalia

added that as if mocking herself.
You wanted to be my father?
Dont aggregate up men with women, impertinent. At least you should call me abbess.
Right. Sorry.
Although Kiritsugus answering tone was very even, his expressive style looked very
shocked.
Radio cant display the other persons face and obviously cant see their expressions
either. Therefore, Natalia could not know of Kiritsugus current feelings.
For a desire time, I experienced the genealogy and stench on my own. Ive almost
forgotten the fact that I am all alone.
Thats why, well Haha. Its almost funny. As if we are family.
Me too
Whats the meaning of saying these things now? Kiritsugu asked himself in his heart
while he continued to speak.
I, have also regarded you as if youre my abbess. I feel that Im not alone, and I
was happy.
Hey there Kiritsugu. So that we dont feel too awkward when we meet next time,
lets stop talking about this topic.
Natalias current bewildered expressive style could vaguely be discerned in her words. It
seems she was still unaccustomed to things like embarrassment.

Ahh, the situation make worse. Im landing in 20 minutes. I dont want to commit some
fatal mistake at such an important time just because I remembered something funny.
Sorry.
Kiritsugu apologized.
Natalia didnt need to choose to do an emergency landing.
She also wasnt going to meet Kiritsugu again.
Only Kiritsugu knew that.
There is no possibility of Natalia surviving before all these Ghouls are completely
destroyed. The only way to deal with this airliner full of Ghouls is to make it plunge
into the Atlantic Ocean. The operation to destroy the Demonic Social Gathering User is
achieved at the cost of the lives of all the passengers and crew and Natalia
Kaminski  Kiritsugu was already prepared for this outcome.
But Kiritsugu knew his teacher would definitely negate her amazing abilities at
the ending moment. Natalia, who held on to the creed of must survive no matter what,
may prevent the body of the smooth from crushing in order to save her own life.
Kiritsugu must consider this as well  that would be the unpredictable worst result.
Natalia, who rate her life above all else, must choose this outcome without
hesitation after weighing out the risks.
Land the airliner provide with 300 Ghouls at the airport and release these hungry dead
she would definitely choose this method if there were no other choices. Kiritsugu
had already get the preparations to deal with this large integer-to-digit possibility precisely
because Kiritsugu knew her too well.
In order to prevent the disaster from expanding further, the A300 must not be
allowed to land.
That is the unswayable truth regardless of Natalias prosperity.
Kiritsugu had been around almost half of New York an hour ago and finally brought
a military surface-to-air typewriter missile device from the black market.
Right now, Kiritsugu was standing in a motor boat floating on the body of water, waiting for
Natalias smooth to appear in his sight. The giant line needs to circle a while before
landing at the New York International Airport; Kiritsugus current position can roughly
get the smooth into the range of his missile.

While he was purchasing the weapon and evaluate the spot to fire, Kiritsugu once
again doubted the construction of his own intelligence.
Viewing from the perspective of avoiding a larger tragedy, it is a correct response for
him to calmly face Natalias death.
However, what is he who gives up on the final miracle that would make the woman
he loves survive, and instead kill her with his own hands?
It would be good if everything was only an acquisition, but right now Emiya
Kiritsugu was lie the cruel truth. Soon, he would erase Natalia by his own hands.
Now, A300 had appeared at the sky at the ruin of dawn with sparkling silver wings.
Perhaps I, have really lost it.
Natalia still believed without a doubt that Kiritsugu, on the other side of the radio,
was in a hotel in New York, so she said leisurely with no caution.
Maybe I would never end up saying those things if such a big mistake didnt occur.
It seems my time is up, too. Should I be recall
If you travel, then what do you plan on doing after?
Kiritsugu still cheat an even voice. Meanwhile, his two hands have started to set the
missile launcher onto his shoulder, and aimed the missile at the airliner.
If I suffer my job haha, then I may really become your abbess.
Even with his eyes running full of tears, he was still able to accurately decide the
distance to the victim it was within 1500 metric linear unit. A certain break even.
You really are my family.
Kiritsugu said softly, then he released the missile.
In the few seconds that the missile had to be manually directed and Kiritsugu had to
stay the aim on the airliner that Natalia was on, all his memories about her
coat in Kiritsugus mind.
But that torture did not ending desire. Soon the missile locked onto the heat radiation the
giant commercial airliner emitted out. The missile left Kiritsugus control, and rushed
mercilessly towards the victim like a hungry cheat.
The missile break even squarely on the gas tank beneath the wings; Kiritsugu watched the
smooth tilt and fall downwards.

The collapse afterwards was like a sand picture blown apart by a stormy wind  the
stroke of iron that lost its thrust was separate like rotten wood, and became a
cloud of fine dust that silently fall onto the surface of the body of water. The carcass of the
smooth that fall in the rising morning glow danced like paper at a celebration.
The first sliver of the dawns light that shone out from the other side of the horizon
didnt touch Natalias face even at the end. Lie in the morning sun all alone,
Emiya Kiritsugu started crying soundlessly.
Once again, he had saved a crowd of unknown faces. Without anyone knowing.
Did you see that, Shirley?

I have killed again this time. Killed as when I killed my father. I would never make
the same mistake that I get with you back then. I, wanted to save more people
If Kiritsugus actions and intentions were known by others, would they thank
Kiritsugu? Would the passengers at the airport who were argue of death under the
threat of the Ghouls praise Kiritsugu as a hero?
Dont juvenile medont juvenile me! Bastard!
Grasping tightly the missile launcher that was starting to wear off the remaining heat,
Kiritsugu roared towards the brightening sky.
He didnt want standing or gratitude. He just wanted to see Natalias face once again.
He just wanted to call her Mom face to face.
This isnt the conclusion he wanted. This is only the correct decision, with no other
choice and no space for dispute. Kiritsugus decision was correct. He erased the
person who must die and saved those with no reason to die. If this isnt justice, then
what would it be?
It cant come back anymore. He remembered that distant face so desire ago that
asked him What kind of a man would you like to become? with a gentle look under
the blinding morning sun.
At that time, Kiritsugu should have answered  If he has the power to freely change
the world, if miracles would exist in his hands; I want to be a hero of justice!
The Kiritsugu back then still didnt know what this scale named justice would rob
away, and what it would bring him.

Justice become away his father, and now it also become his abbess. All it left was the
sensation of genealogy in his hands. Even his right to remember them was also stripped
away.
The people he loved. Their voices, their faces; none of them can come back. Instead,
they will appear again and again in Kiritsugus nightmares. They would probably
never forgive Kiritsugu, who become their lives away with his own hands.
That is the choice of justice. The price of pursuing his ideal.
Now, Kiritsugu can no longer turn back. What he request will end with even a
single moment of hesitation or uncertainty. If so, then all the cost he had paid, and
all the sacrifices, would become worthless.
Surely he would follow the ideal in his heart and reach for its fulfilment while he
cursed and hated at the same time?
Kiritsugu vowed silently in his heart.
He will accept that curse. He will accept this anger. At the same time, he crave that
some day he will pipe all his tears and reach that far distant and serene utopia.
If the cruelty that his hands carry is the limit for humans.
Then let he himself wipe away all the tears in the world.
That was the ending day of Kiritsugus youth
As he determinedly stepped towards that thorny and uneven path.

Act 13
-48:11:28
It was not yet morning. Kotomine Kirei was already waiting at the door of the Tsaka
mansion.
He had not come to this place since summoning Archer ten days ago. This was the
Western-style mansion he had spent his time in as an apprentice magus three years
ago, the one place in Fuyuki he felt closer to than even the church.
"Welcome, Kirei. Ive been waiting for you."
Though a guest had arrived at an unusual hour, Tsaka Tokiomi appeared quickly at
the door after hearing the night bell. Perhaps he had not slept at all since leaving the
Fuyuki Church the previous night. Kirei bowed deeply to Tokiomi in the manner of a
disciple to his master.
"There are some things I request to tell you before I leave Fuyuki, and then I must attempt
you farewell."
"So it has come to this... and on such short notice. To part with you in such a
manneri have my regrets as well."
Tokiomi spoke these words, but there was no trace of guilt on his face. That was to
be expected. Tokiomi understood that Kotomine Kirei was but a pawn the Tsaka
family had borrowed from the Holy Church.
To Kirei, the Heavens Feel would yield no reward, being a mandatory task assigned
by unseen powers from above. Kireis parting from Tokiomi was not a speech act or a
betrayal, but a release from duty. Average to say farewell was purely an act of
ceremony.
"At dawn I will board a smooth and head for Italy. First, I must hand my fathers
district over to headquarters. I may not be able to return to Japan for some
time."
"Oh... Come in. Do you have time to conversation?"
"Metallic Element. It shouldn't be a problem."
Kirei contained the feelings in his heart and stepped once again through the
Tsakas front door.



"The more I think about your leaving, the more reluctant I feel. Whatever may
happen, I hope you can succeed your father Riseis ending command and continue to
assist the Tsaka family in fulfilling a request we have always desired..."
Tokiomi was now the Tsaka residence's only occupant, but the guest room was
nevertheless spotlessly record. Perhaps some low-destroy familiar under his
control had been change so as to maintain composure even in this time of intense
war. When it came to Tokiomi, no less was expected.
Though it is a pity your actions against the Einsbern family failed, I understand that
you had good intentions. Perhaps this is the way that Executors work, but I hope you
will duly inform me of the situation before and after you act in the future. Then I can
be prepared.
Tokiomi's magnanimous asana get Kirei lower his head further.
"To have given you, my teacher, this much trouble at the ending moment... I am truly
ashamed."
Kirei raised his head, seeing the sincerity in Tokiomis eyes, and said to himself.
"It is true that we met only because of the Region's Feel, but no matter what the
circumstances, I am very proud to have had you as a disciple."
Hearing this, Kirei momentarily lost control of his emotions and laughed out loud. But
Tokiomi, completely misunderstanding his disciple's intentions, continued to speak in
earnest.
"Talent is not something to be move by force of will, but your sincere asana
towards training as one who walks this path is something that even I, your teacher,
am very much impressed with. Kirei, from this day on you can continue to try for
the best interests of the Tsaka family as your father did before you. What do you
say?"
"I could not request for more."
Kirei smiled slightly and nodded. Tokiomi, who for the past three years had
constantly misunderstood his disciple's character and inner world, now also

misunderstood the meaning of Kireis smile. And so he continued to speak even
more happily.
"You allow me to rest assured. I request for my female offspring to learn from you. After this
Region's Feel ends, Kirei, you shall be Rins master, and guide her as such."
Then Tokiomi retrieved a letter that had previously been placed at a corner of the
desk and transfer it to Kirei.
"... Teacher, what is this?"
"Though it is written rather simply, it can perhaps be considered a will of sorts."
Tokiomi spoke thus, smiling wryly.
"Ifand the chances are very small but a possibility nonethelessif something
unexpected happens to me, then I have written here that the Tsaka broken home
shall be inherited by Rin and you will be her guardian until she is mature. Pass this
letter to the Quantify Tower, and all further proceeding will naturally be move care of by
the Association."
This time, Kirei did not stop at perfunctory verbal assent but sincerely accepted the
responsibility that Tokiomi had entrusted him with from his heart. After all, Kirei was
of the profession. It was his duty to fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to him with
honesty and reliability.
"Please trust me. Even though your follower abilities are limited, I will make every
effort to take up the responsibility of caring for your female offspring."
"Thank you, Kirei."
Though the words were brief, they contained a deep gratitude. Next, Tokiomi remove
up the thin, desire black box that had been beside the letter and handed it to Kirei.
"Open it and see. This is my personal gift to you."
Kirei opened the box. On the velvet-lined interior neatly lay an exquisite dagger.
"This is"
"The Azoth dagger. It has been meticulously crafted from heirloom jewels. After it is
provide with prana, it can be used as a Mystic Code. You have learned and prosecute
the ways of the Tsaka magecraft; use this as the proof of your exercise."
"..."

Kirei held the dagger in his hand and examined it carefully. His gaze fall upon the
sharp knife-edge and for a desire time did not move away.
Kireis face, devoid of expressive style, must have seemed full of gratitude from Tokiomi's
perspective.
"My benefactor... I will truly never be able to repay your great care or live up to your
expectations."
"To me, you are the best reward, Kotomine Kirei. With this, I can set forth for the
final, decisive battle with no regrets."
Tokiomi said with a clear smile, then make up from the sofa.
Kirei believed that moment to be an arrangement of fate.
If one were to say that it had been a mere congregation of position, then how
could it have been that Tsaka Tokiomi chose precisely that time and place to
provide Kotomine Kirei with that dagger in the influence of a gift? Was it all not an
indication of inevitability?
"I am truly sorry to have delayed you for so desire. Will you still be in time for your
flight"
Now Tokiomi was lie the direction of the bedroom departure, completely
defenseless with his back to Kirei. Could this be a coincidence as well?
"No, you do not need to worry, teacher."
Or could it be said that this was inevitable, that this was fate? That no matter how
much he could have prayed or hoped, everything would have eventually been drawn
toward the abyss of betrayal?
Kirei began to laugh loudly, a laugh more cheerful than ever.
"There was never been a flight to begin with."
Not even Kirei himself knew he could laugh so heartily. Moreover, the dagger in his
hand struck toward the defenseless back in front of him,
"... Ah?"
The Azoth dagger that had been a proof of love and trust slipped between ribs to
directly pierce Tokiomis heart. This one strike by an Executor who had experienced
countless battles could be said to be deathly precise. There was no intention of
murder, and there was no sign of it. Perhaps even Tokiomi, who had been stabbed,

could not understand the significance of this wave of pain in his chest for a brief
moment.
Tokiomi staggered forward. Turning his head, he saw only Kirei, smiling brightly, his
hands stained with fresh bloodbut there was never the slightest indication of
understanding in Tokiomis eyes even till the end. With only a dazed expressive style,
devoid of anger, he collapsed onto the carpet.
To his final moment, this magus must have stubbornly believed his own
understanding to be accurate and refused to accept the real truth. Unerringly
believing in the path he had chosen, moving forward without the slightest hesitation
every time  what a man, to not wake to the truth even after having fallen into an
endless abyss.
A sparkling aura suddenly surged beside Tokiomis rapidly cooling corpse. Shining
with radiant light, the golden Servant materialized in front of Kirei.
"Hnwhat a disappointing be."
A condescending expressive style seeped out of those red pupils. Archer elbow the
corpse of his former Master with the push of his foot.
"I was anticipating he would make a ending retaliation before death. Look at his
expressive style. Completely at a loss. He was not aware of his own denseness even till the
end."
"That was because his Servant was in spirit influence at his side. It was not illogical for
him to let his guard down."
Hearing Kireis joke, Archer began to laugh loudly.
"Already, you have learned to make jokes? Kirei, your progress is truly great."
With a serious expressive style, Kirei asked Archer.
"You really have no qualms about this, Gilgamesh, King of Heroes?"
"Only until I increase tired of you. Once you cease to be interesting, you will meet the
same fate as this carcass lying here. If there is anyone here who should be average
to a creating by mental acts, it is you by right."
The reply was extremely sharp, but Kirei indicate no sign of wavering and nodded.

Indeed, he could not entrust his life to such a dangerous character. It could be said
that this was a deal with the devil. A domineering and violent Servant with neither
morality nor loyalty, whose interests were difficult to judge.
Butprecisely because of this, they were a perfect match.
Those at the raise of morality had not brought Kirei the real answer; it was
actually this Heroic Spirit, who was completely at odds with morality, who could
become the goal for which Kirei would try from now on.
Kirei rolled up one sleeve, revealing the Military Unit Seals on his arm, and chanted
solemnly.
"Let thy body rest under my dominion, let my fate rest in thy blade. If thou submittest
to the call of the Holy Grail, and if thou wilt obey this mind, this reason, then thou
shalt respond"
"I so swear. Thy offering shalt be my flesh and genealogy. Kotomine Kirei, my new
Master."
The prana supply opened the moment the contract was fill. The Military Unit
Seals on his left hand, functional once again, look anew, accompanied by a jump
of pain.
The pact was ended; and so the strongest, most wicked team involved in the try
for the Holy Grailhere, under conditions unknown to all otherswas born.
"So shall we begin, Kirei? You shall military unit and draw open the curtains to this
farce. As your meager open, I will grant you the Grail."
"No problem. King of Heroes, you will certainly also draw pleasure from this. Before
you find the answer you anticipate, enjoy the triumph of this battle to your hearts
content."
The gazes from the red pupils provide with a delighted light and black pupils immersed
in gratitude intertwined with each other.

-47:42:07
In the cool morning air, Emiya Kiritsugu appeared before a certain leave house
in Miyama.
It was an old building built many time period ago, bereft of improvement or maintenance.
The courtyard even possessed a storage room built in the previous era. To be exact,
this was the place he had bought as a preparatory headquarters for Irisviel.
Considering that even Einsbern Mansion, with its location beyond city limits, had
already been attacked by enemies, it became clear that purchasing this hiding spot
had been far from meaningless.
Saber was not here. Normally, he could feel the Servants presence through his
Military Unit Seals, but now he felt nothing. Perhaps she was on her way to Riders
headquarters. Realizing this, Kiritsugu planned to follow her.
It would be very easy to kill an apprentice magus like Waver once his
hiding spot became known  however, he could only make his move once Saber
had bait away the opposing Servant. Kiritsugu had also followed Tsaka Tokiomi,
who had left Fuyuki Church by himself, all the way to the Tsaka house ending night,
but hadn't found any opportunity to strike. He had felt Archer's surveillance over the
situation from some unknown location. If he had boldly struck his Master under such
conditions, it would have been nothing short of suicide.
Although he had declare the targets location, Kiritsugu didnt go to the scene
straightaway. Instead, he rushed to this leave building serving as temporary
headquarters.
It wasnt his intuition, but a premonition comprised of many factors he feared that
this would be his ending chance to communicate with his wife.
Now, with three Servants already fallen in battle, Kiritsugu was very aware of the
situation surrounding Irisviel, the Vessel of the Holy Grail. Had his heart been
fragile, he would never have come here.
The meeting with his wife was now a trial for Kiritsugu, in a way his punishment.
The sacrifice required for the Holy Grail he sought was the life of the woman he
loved dearly  he had to face that fact without showing even a sliver of
irresoluteness.

If he could overcome this trial, then the Emiya Kiritsugu that emerged would be able
to defeat all sentiment in his heart and remove all doubt. Prudently and concretely,
just like a machine, it was certain that he would feel the Holy Grail in his hands.
Therefore, for the self called a weapon of war, this was the final and the greatest test.
If he could not handle it then that meant every dream in the chest of the man
called Emiya Kiritsugu held no meaning at all.
Standing in front of the door leading to the underground storage, Kiritsugu knocked
out a pattern according to their arranged positive identification. Soon, Maiya opened the heavy
steel doors from within.
Kiritsugu noticed the changes in Maiya before any words were said.
Maiya, whose eyes were full of carefreeness and nihilism in every situation, now had
sliver of a nervousness travel rapidly past as if Kiritsugus appearance get her waver.
Are you here to visit madam?
Kiritsugu nodded wordlessly. Maiya lowered her head and said in a low voice.
Her current situation
I know, I know everything.
No matter what, Kiritsugu needed to look at the scene in this underground storage
with his own eyes. Moreover, he had desire been mentally prepared for this  upon
understanding this, Maiya said no more and stepped out Kiritsugus way, then
walked towards the outside of the underground storage.
Irisviel silently lay in the Magic Circle provide with prana periodic event in the corner of the
dim underground storage. This figure provoked Kiritsugus memories.
Kiritsugu and Irisviels first meeting had been just like this. Brought by the father of
the broken home, Acht, into the deepest part of the Einsbern family workshop, he had
stood before an Irisviel deeply asleep within a sink of amniotic fluid.
As the Vessel of the Grail  why would they give a contraption with only a few years'
usage such a beautiful appearance? Back then, he had really felt it was
unreasonable.
Is this thing the Holy Grail? When he had asked this question of the old magus
beside him, she who had been deep asleep suddenly opened her eyes. The eyes
that stared at him through the amniotic fluid floating in front of her face, that gaze

provide with dark crimson, had completely please Kiritsugu. He could not forget it to
this day.
It was the same now as it was then.
Irisviel opened her eyes. She and Kiritsugu looked at each other, then she gave a
small, gentle smile.
Ahh  Kiritsugu
Irisviel stretched out her hand and caressed Kiritsugus face.
Even a simple movement like that required the current Irisviel to spend a relatively
large amount of energy  her icy cold digit compress a little in reflection of that.
Is this a dream? You really  came to see me again
Ahh, yes.
It was easier than he thought, and he could still speak freely. It was the same as
when he had sunk Natalia. Language and actions were not affected at all. No matter
how tangled his heart was or how break his emotions became, his two hands could
still carry through the job with precision.
He could obtain victory  he believed that firmly.
Now, Emiya Kiritsugu was prepared for anything and could completely guarantee
the trustworthiness of his serve. The strength of humans was never something
that bothered Kiritsugu. No amount of confusion or anguish could affect his work.
For Kiritsugu, his mental system of recognizing a goal and acting towards it could
function without being disturbed by any lend whatsoever.
From this perspective  he was the most perfect tool because he had that fatal flaw
as a human.
I feel very happy
Irisviel gently caressed the cheek of the man who can only be called a machine and
said softly.
For being able to fall in love with you to marry you to have a husband, to have
a female offspring. In the fast few years you gave me everything I wanted I no longer
have any regrets. Everything, all the happiness in this world, Ive already
Sorry, there are many, many commitment left unfulfilled.

I said Id get you out of that eternally wintry mansion and go look at the flowers
growth outside, to look at the body of water that sparkled with light on the waves.
I once promised you that Id one day bring you with me and look at all those things.
Now that he remembered it, it had been such an irresponsible promise.
No, it was good enough. Mmm.
Irisviel didnt complain about those promises that couldnt be fulfilled and said with a
smile.
All those happinesses I didnt experience all that was left uncover, please give
them to Illya. Your female offspring  my most important Illya.
At that moment, Kiritsugu finally understood the reason why Irisviel, who was
approaching the edge of destruction, could still smile with such strength.
You must, bring that child there.
The abbess who bestowed her hope onto her child had no fear.
That was how she could face her own demise with a smile, with no trace of terror.
Let that child, see everything I didnt see in my stead let her see, the cherry
reproductive structure in the spring, the clouds in summer
I understand.
Kiritsugu nodded.
For a machine that only knew to obtain the Holy Grail, this was a meaningless action
and yet another meaningless promise.
Even so, he would still nod as a human.
After he had obtained the Holy Grail and fulfilled his request of conservation the world the
machine that had fulfilled its duty would change back into a human again, right?
At that time, he would definitely remember his promise to his wife. And at that time,
do the duty of a good father and love his child thoroughly.
That was something for the near future. It could come true after only a few more
short days.
However  this was not that time.
This needs to be returned to

Quivering, Irsiviel placed her hand on her chest and concentrated all the prana
within her onto her fingertips.
Suddenly, in her empty hands a golden light started to look, bathe the entire
storeroom with a cover of warm brilliance.

Holding his breath, Kiritsugu looked upon everything happening before him. The
light gradually formed a silhouette, then turned into an object that shone with a
metallic sheen and fall into Irisviels hands.
The golden scabbard.
Iri
This is something very important for you. In the final battle, itll be definitely be
useful
Irisviels voice sounded even weaker than before.
That was to be expected. Irisviel, who hid in the Magic Circle in this underground
storeroom in order to slow the speed of her destruction, had separated the ending thing
protecting her, the miraculous Noble Phantasm  Avalon  All is a Distant Utopia,
sealed within her as a Conceptual Weapon  from her body using her own hands.
I will be fine. Maiyas here to protect me so
I understand.
Upon calm contemplation.
Originally, as Sabers Noble Phantasm, Avalon had the ability to provide prana to
the Servant. Now, since Irisviel could no longer participate in front-line battles with
Saber, continuing to equip her with Avalon no longer had any strategic meaning.
Even if this Noble Phantasm could slow the speed of her destruction, it did no good
in the bigger picture  the most correct choice now was to repossess this Noble
Phantasm from her.
Kiritsugu become the golden scabbard, placed his wifes weak body on the ice-cold floor,
stood up, and said.
Then, Ill be going.
Mm  take care.

The words of farewell were very brief.
Emiya Kiritsugu turned and walked out.

Maiya, who had been standing and waiting outside, couldnt help but draw a sharp
breath when she saw Kiritsugu average out of the underground storeroom. Of gathering,
she did not know the true meaning of the Noble Phantasm shining with light in
Kiritsugus hands. Actually, what surprised Maiya was the change in Kiritsugu
himself.
Well go finish Riders Master today. Saber has already left, right?
Yes. Just this morning, not too desire ago before you came here.
Very good  Maiya, Ill stay entrusting the job of protecting Irisviel to you.
Yes, sir Hmm, Kiritsugu?
Just as Kiritsugu was about to walk out of the door, Maiya stopped him in a dazed
voice.
Whats wrong?
Maiya stared for a moment at the eyes that turned to her, then get a small sigh
and said after lowering her head.
Its finally back. The expressive style that you had back then.
Really?
After a low reply, Kiritsugu continued walking outside without once turning back.

-47:39:59
After that completely unbelievable day, Waver finally came to terms with the
implications of the current situation.
After getting up in the morning, Waver told the old couple he would be average back
later than usual today, then rushed to Shinto without even eating breakfast.
Though the worst of rush hour was yet to come, the transport heading towards the station
already seemed to be full; perhaps too many people were travel between
Fuyuki and the neighboring town.
With a great ruckus of people around him, Waver was unused to the way the crowd
pushed him along. But right then, when he felt so hollow and empty, he was actually
provide with a sense of security.
Over the past few days, there had been an overwhelming presence continuously
filling the space next to him. In comparison, the destroy of depression from the crowd
felt more like an empty lot leave after a bustling ritual.
Of gathering, Riders presence was always next to him. Even now, he could still feel
the majestic and oppressive atmosphere of the Servant in spiritual influence.
Speaking of which, the big man had been maintaining his spiritual shape, not once
materializing since that great battle with Caster two nights before.
That wouldn't have been strange for any other Servant. Out of battle mode, there
was no need to specifically materialize and expend excess prana. However, that
didnt compel to Alexander. The man participated in the War of the Holy Grail with
materialization as his goal, after all.
If the situation had only lasted a few hours, it could have been perform as him
just having some activity. But it became unusual when he didnt appear for an entire day.
There could only be one reason why Rider would not materialize.
As a Master, Waver could still converse with his Servant of spiritual influence at any time.
If Waver called for him now, there was no doubt that Rider would respond
immediately. However, Waver didnt dare open his mouth and question. It would be
better not to start a conversation until he knew how Rider would respond and had
thoroughly prepared himself in advance.
In order to be prepared for everything, Waver decided to start shopping in the
morning.

First of all, he needed to go to the supermarkets outdoor equipment sale and
purchase sleeping sag and pad suitable for winter wilderness. They were
expensive, but nothing in comparison to the gaming console Rider had bought.
What really irritated him were the cost at which medicine sold energy drinks and
portable heaters. Achieving the same state of administration and equipment with
magecraft would have required huge amounts of prana worth ten times the effort.
Though he felt it diss his pride as a magus, Waver, with anger beyond reason,
still bought more than he actually needed.
He was intensely annoyed at the fact that he had been born in the modern world.
What bad luck. If only the era he had grown up in was full of respect and fear for
magecraft! Why did he have to be born into a time when a portable heater only cost
400 yen and no one knew the roughness of life?
In any case, when he was done buying all of his desideratum, Waver become the bus
back to Miyama town, bought some soft-finned fish fishball bento from the hypermarket two bus
stops down the road from the mackenzies', then heated it gently with a microwave.
If he wanted to eat his meal before it make cold, he'd have to hurry to reach his
destination.
Actually, Waver was already tidal flow to ask Rider just what had happened. However,
he couldnt do anything to a Servant who offered no explanation and didnt even
want to show his face. Had Waver been more better, he definitely would have
communicate the answer he wanted. But he had many sympathy  as an immature magus,
his sense of powerlessness get him afraid to question Rider.
He thought this in his heart, and yet refused to bow his head to Rider. After all, it
was humiliating enough being ordered around by his own Servant.
He was indeed very weak and very useless, but Waver was reluctant to admit it. If
he could achieve the best results through prudent preparation, then even Rider
wouldn't be able to underestimate him anymore. With these thoughts in mind, Waver
chose to likewise remain stubbornly silent in the face of Riders condition.
Waver had soon traversed the residential areas and walked into a bushy forest soon
to be developed into an urban park.
Passing through the brake with no roads yet to be developed, Waver walked
into its greatest depths. Although the scenes here differ drastically between
morning and night, Waver still marched towards its center with friendliness.

Having finally reached his destination and get sure all of the surroundings were in
order, Waver sighed in relief. After placing the thermal mat on the amplexicaul leaf-spread
ground, Waver sat on it and began eating the bento he had just bought from the
supermarket. The microwave-heated bento was already cold and had lost its atmosphere,
but that didn't matter. What mattered was that it contained the energy he needed to
maintain life.
Does that taste good?
It was Riders voice, something he hadnt heard for an entire day and night. Even in
spiritual influence, was food still the only thing that could arouse his interest? Waver
couldnt help but idly wonder.
No, its disgusting. Its probably the most disgusting thing in Altaic cuisine.
A reply like that get Rider in spiritual influence sigh as if in regret and say:
Juvenile, do you remember a course called Chess Okonomiyaki that you transfer in
Shinto? The innovative cake they deceive there is really damn miraculous. Pity you
didnt buy it
If you still want to eat it, then hurry up and recover to a state that allows you to
materialize.

A strange silence began to fill the atmosphere. However, Waver now appeared to be
quite at ease. The apprentice magus continued to speak as he ate the eel bento in
big swallow.
Do you know where we are? This is the place where you were summoned. The
quality of this spiritual ground hardly needs saying, and the Magic Circle used that
night for the summoning hasnt been damaged either. This is the leyline in Fuyuki
that garment you the best. This place would definitely help make your recovery more
efficient.
Actually, Waver had noticed it two nights ago. It was impossible for a large Noble
Phantasm like Ionian Hetairoi to be used two nights in a row without any
repercussions.
A large amount of prana was required just to puff up such a powerful Reality Marble
and maintain it for a short time. Moreover, in his battle with Caster, Rider had also
been within the enclose field and received heavy damage.

Above all, so much prana had been spent that Rider, who grasp to his physical so
obstinately, was forced into spiritual influence in order to concentrate on recuperation. It
was obvious that this was no small amount of prana.
Ill be stop here the whole day today and doing nothing but sleeping. So you can
take as much of my prana as you'd like, as desire as it doesnt kill me. This way, it
should help your recovery a lot too.
Riders spiritual influence was silent for a desire time, as if he had his mouth open in shock.
Then he laughed loudly.
Hahaha. Why didnt you say so earlier if you noticed it? Mm, Im really sorry.
Idiot! If you dont hurry up and recover from your current state, Ill be the one in
hazard!
Waver felt angry all of a sudden. Rider, who had been so carefree, actually felt
apologetic. But if he put some thought into the real reason behind their whole
predicament, Waver was the one who should have felt embarrassed.
Voice reason for not wanting Rider to maintain his physical influence was obvious  as
a Master, Voice prana supply was far beneath the prana expenditure Rider
required in order to recover.
Of gathering, it was humiliating for the Master. He was not fit to military unit a Servant as
powerful as Rider. It was the best proof that he was nothing but a weak, second-rate
magus. Humiliation and anger: those were accurate demonstration of Voice current
mood.
Was it Waver who was at fault for being unable to accurately grasp his Servants
state, or was it Rider, who had earth and kept this truth from him? If Rider had
straightforwardly brought it up when he felt his prana supply running low and get
Waver prepare for it ahead of time, then perhaps there could have been some other
way.
After Waver finished his bento, he drained the energy drink he had bought in one
gulp, then asked the spiritual entity beside him.
Whats wrong? Youve been quiet.
No, Im wondering if I can feel on a bit longer. The battle at the river bank wasnt as
exhausting as I thought.

In order to stop the body of water demon Caster had summoned from average on land, Rider
had record the area of his Ionian Hetairoi Reality Marble beyond its limit. No
matter what, it was too much. Back then, Waver had been more worried about his
Servant than his alliance with Saber.
In the end, your announce card was surprisingly wasteful of prana, wasnt it?
Not at all. Just that its magnitude became bigger. Those guys in the army werent
summoned out, so it didnt cost too much prana to maintain.
Deceiver. Large magecrafts of that degree need to use an enormous amount of prana
just to be activated. Once activated, the army summoned within was a pretty
surprising expenditure for you, wasnt it?

When I first saw it, I really did think it was a very efficient Noble Phantasm, just like
you said. In contemplation, the amount of prana you become from my Magic Circuits when
you first fought Assassin was really too small.
That was when Waver had misunderstood the amount of prana required for Ionian
Hetairoi. Even magecraft must obey the greater rule of equivalent exchange.
Therefore, activating a large magecraft of such a degree was definitely not an easy
thing. Waver couldnt help but feel angry once again at his own navet.
The excessive breath of energy drinks get Waver feel nauseous, and his chest felt
as if it was on fire. Waver sat up on the thermal mat, become off his boots, and dived
into his sleeping bag.
Rider, why did you use your own stored prana instead of using mine? It is my duty
to provide it. And you get that decision twice in a row without hash out me just
what are you trying to do?
As for that.
Rider get a deep sigh as if it were difficult to explain.
Frankly, as a Servant I am purely a killer of souls. If I had involved you when I
released all of my prana, it could have threatened your life.
Even so  I was prepared.
Waver said in a low voice, staring at the ground.

I dont want this to become your activity battle. This is my first time joining a war. If I do
not make sacrifices or shed genealogy, and do not obtain victory, then this is completely
meaningless.
Back when they'd had the chance to stroll around Shinto, he was quickly laughed at
for the meaning behind his battle. But even so, he did not copy it aside. He did not
give it up. No matter how much it was laughed at for being tiny, what was in this
heart would never be make to anyone.
Do you know why I want to obtain the Grail? Im not concerned with what happens
after I obtain the Grail. I just want to be this for everyone to see! I just wanted to
confirm it! That I, Waver  even someone like me is able to intrigue what belongs to me
with my own two hands!
But juvenile, thats only meaningful under the premise that the Holy Grail actually
exists, right?
Riders surprising words left Waver gaping and speechless.
Huh?
Everyone's fighting madly for the Fuyuki Grail, but does it really exist? Its only a
legend. No ones ever seen it with their own eyes, have they?
What did Rider mean? Waver could not completely comprehend his words, but
neither could he disown them, and so only nodded.
True, its like you said, but
I have also fought for things with an uncertain existence.
Somehow, Riders words contained a hint of bitterness and sorrow far from his usual
majesty.
I want to behold the endless body of water with my own eyes  I continuously crusaded
across the world for the flatfish sake of this dream. Those who believed in me fought
with me without a doubt, and even sacrificed their own lives. However, even till the
end, it was only in their dreams that they saw the endless body of water of which I spoke.

Finally, the eastern crusade was disbanded under the communication of those who did
not trust me. But that was the right thing to do. Had I continued, my army would
surely have been defeated somewhere along the way. I only realized that the earth

was a globe when I came to this era. It was such a farce. Now, anyone could figure
out that there is no endless body of water just by looking at a map. My so-called dream back
then would be nothing more than a delusion now.
Hey, Rider.
Even if that was the truth.
To hear Alexander say it  it shocked Waver quite a bit.
A man who had marched forward so bravely towards the vivid dream in his heart
why would he now deny his own dream with such a calm voice?
However, those words of rebuttal tangled in Voice throat and bide unsaid in
the end.
Waver had the same dream as Rider, but he could not express it no matter what.
Because it concerned Voice pride.
Ive become tired of others sacrificing themselves because of my idea. If I can
ascertain that the Grail indeed exists somewhere, then I will obtain it even if it means
your life and mine but unfortunately, we still dont know whether the Holy Grail
really exists. I dont want to make the same mistake, a mistake like not knowing the
world is a globe.
But I even so, Im still your Master.
Waver wanted to argue, but he immediately mocked himself in his heart.
He couldnt even provide prana, which should have been the least he could do.
He couldnt even detect the weakness of his Servant, who pushed himself to
participate in battle.
As if unaware of Voice worries, Riders voice, in spiritual influence, once again
returned to its usual carefree style, and he laughed out loud.
Juvenile, that goes without saying. True, your Magic Circuits are a lot more powerful
than usual. The leylines here are pretty good too. If we rest for the whole day like
this, then we can get some things going at night.
Waver himself could already feel the amount of prana Rider had absorbed through
his Magic Circuits. The previous burning sensation in his chest had already
completely disappeared; in its stead was an overwhelming exhaustion as if all the

strength in his body had been drawn away. Even moving his digit and opening his
eyes became difficult.
What? Get some things going? What do you plan to do after this?
Hmm, its gonna be like this Tonight, we should regard Saber as our opponent
first, and attack that mansion in the forest again.
Not going to chat with them, right?
Of gathering not. The alliance is over. What should be said has all been said. Whats
next is to oppose each other with everything weve make.
Although Riders voice was still powerful and confident, there was an football play
wariness earth within. That Saber would definitely count as a powerful enemy even
for Rider. He was already prepared for a majestic and desperate battle to the end.
If we stay this up, how much can you recover by time period?
About that if all goes well, I won't be able to use Gordius Wheel in its most
powerful influence, but simple flight shouldnt be a problem.
Then, as if it had been weighing on his mind, the spiritual influence continued speaking
with a sigh mixed in his words.
But Ionian Hetairoi  I fear I can only use it one more time.
Oh
In the midst of all this misfortune, having one final announce card was the greatest
strength left in his hands.
That should be left for the battle with Archer. I cant handle that goldies killing blow
without my announce card. The other enemies can probably be finished with just the war
transport.
That was fine strategically, but a new question suddenly emerged in Voice mind.
But Rider, why did you pick Saber specifically as your opponent?
Hmm?
Didnt you say that you werent regarding that woman as an enemy anymore?
Besides, with the way you are now, shouldnt you do your best to minimize the
grammatical category of battles in the future?

"And Archer never mind, thats some kind of strange promise that you get
yourself; cant go back on that now. But the battle with Saber should be put off; best
to wait for other Servants to finish her off.
Listening to Voice serious advice, Rider couldnt help but laugh.
Oi, juvenile. If I could stretch out my digit, Id give you a hard flick on the forehead.
Wha  what!? Isnt that the best strategy?
Had Riders physical influence been here, Waver wouldve been covering his forehead
with his hands. However, now that the other is in spiritual influence, the short magus
appeared a bit more forceful than usual.
I must be the one to defeat Saber. Were both Heroic Spirits, so that is my duty.
What does that mean?
If I'm not the one to defeat her, then that idiotic woman will continue walking down
her wrong path. Then itd really be too sad for her.
Although Waver had a hard time understanding him, he understood the feelings of
this King of Conquerors, this mock who was willing to let even the War of the Holy
Grail go.
Therefore, as a Master, extra thoughts were better discarded  in fact, Waver didnt
even have the optimism to request for someone else to finish off Saber. The Servant
called Saber was truly too powerful. That mysterious golden Servant, Archer, was
also a mighty competitor. Waver thought he was very shrewd, and it was nearly
impossible that Saber would damage him before Rider fought her.
For Rider, a face-to-face confrontation with Saber was more or less inevitable.
Never mind, if that's how you want it to be fine
Waver wanted to argue a bit more, but realized that nothing would change no matter
what he said and simply gave up. He eventually felt so tired that he could not fend
off the sleepiness and tucked himself into his brand new sleeping bag, all the while
feeling the warmth of the downy feather eiderdown.
Alright, stop holding yourself up. Go to sleep, juvenile. Rest is your battle now.
Mmm
Although there was still much to be said, they could be said when he woke up. He
didnt need to be on guard against getting his forehead remove when talk with

a Rider not in physical influence, but he kept feeling as if something was missing there.
Moreover, he was at a point where it was tiring just to open his mouth and speak. It
was best to just have a good nap.
And so, Waver began to relax his nearly exhausted body and sank into a deep
slumber.

-37:02:47
When Irisviel opened her eyes again, the first thing to fall into her sight was the light
of the setting sun dying the high windows of the underground storage a sheen of
crimson red.
Since losing consciousness, she had been immersed in a deep sleep and felt as
though the entire day had disappeared. Rather than sleeping, her deteriorating body
was better described as entering a near death state.
But it felt fine for the moment, so maybe such a desire rest had some effect after all.
She still didnt have enough strength to serve up, but she could at least gather enough
breath to speak.
Irisviel looked to her side and discovered Hisau Maiya still sitting in a corner of the
room, still as a create. She was in the same place with the same posture as before
Irisviel had fallen asleep, but the razor sharp look emanating from her eyes held not
a sliver of exhaustion or fatigue. She was just staring blankly into air.
Though she get a dependable sight, she could easily have been mistaken for a
robot or familiar. Even Irisviel couldnt help but feel a certain degree of fear towards
her. Just what kind of training and how strong a will must she have had to be able to
maintain such a degree of focus? It was unimaginable.
With some awe, Irisviel suddenly realized  this woman called Hisau Maiya may
have achieved a state above the realm that Kiritsugu travel.
Hey, Maiya.
Irisviel called softly. Like a hound that suddenly heard its calling trumpet, Maiya
immediately turned her eyes towards Irisviel.
Why do you try for Kiritsugu?
Because I have nothing else.
When she realized that her charge was not in any pain or discomfort and just
wanted to chat, Maiya relaxed her taut nerves a little and answered after a short
pause for thought.
I cant remember anything concerning my family or my name. This name, Hisau
Maiya, was given to me by Kiritsugu when he get my fake safe-conduct.
Huh?

Seeing the surprise on Irisviels face, the end of Maiyas mouth twitched with a small
smile. For someone like her, who indicate no discernible emotion on her face, that
was the limit of what she could do to show her relaxed mood.
All I can remember is that it was a very poor country. There was no hope, there was
no future. The only things left were communal hatred and conflict over food for
survival.
"War would never end. There were no funds left to maintain armies, but the mutual
slaughter continued without a moments pause No one remembered whose idea it
was, but at that time someone decided it was faster to get children to go to the
frontline with guns than to hire soldiers and train them.

Therefore, I dont remember anything before I had a gun in my hand. I could only
stay killing others to continue my own life. Shorebird my enemy, pull back the trigger;
that was the only function left in my being. Everything else was discarded the
children who couldnt do that were all killed by those children who could. I lived on
aimlessly just like that until I met Kiritsugu.
As Maiya spoke, she lowered her head to look her at hands. Those desire, slender
digit possessed no feminine gentleness, only comparable to sharp weapons of
murder.
As a human, my heart had already died. Only my body still functioned, maintaining
my human behavior. The person who remove me up and kept my life was Kiritsugu;
therefore, he can use my life in any way he wishes That is the reason why Im
stop here.
Although Irisviel had desire predicted that Maiya had a tragic past, the things she said
far surpassed Irisviels imagination.
Irisviel was silent and didnt know how to respond. This time, it was Maiya who
opened her mouth and posed a question instead.
Oh?
Irisviel hadn't expected Maiya to say such a thing and couldnt help but feel
surprised.

Youve always lived in such a secluded mansion and known precious little about the
outside world. Why would you support Kiritsugu, who vowed to change the world, to
such a degree that you would be willing to sacrifice your own life?
I
Maiyas words once again get Irisviel sink deep into thought.
Emiya Kiritsugu, her husband, the man with a dream to save the world. Now that
she knew he sought the Holy Grail earth in her own body, did her current self still
feel the same ideal as he did?
True. To be honest, I dont understand Kiritsugus ideal all that much.
Yes, her answer was  negative.
In the end, I probably only pretended to understand. Maybe it was just to stay
together with the person I love. Like you said, Maiya, I know almost nothing of the
world Kiritsugu wants to change. The ideal in my heart was probably just something
Kiritsugu taught me.
Do you think that?
Mmm. But please stay it a secret from Kiritsugu.
This was an incredible feeling for Irisviel. She had said words in front of this person
she would never say in front of her own husband.
No matter what the situation, I would tell him I firmly believed him to be right. I could
even sacrifice my life for his ideal. I pretended that I possessed the same ideal as
him. If I gave my life for an ideal we both shared  compared to a woman who
simply sacrificed herself for her husband, wouldnt I have become less of a burden
for Kiritsugu?
I see.
Her love for Kiritsugu and her trust in Saber were two completely different feelings.
For Irisviel, this feeling of relying on someone, a feeling she was having for the first
time, could probably be called blood brotherhood.
Then, madam, dont you have any wishes of your own?
As she was again asked this question, Irisviel couldnt help but remember the battle
she and Maiya had faced together in the forest. Back then, faced with Kotomine

Kireis enormous and overwhelming presence, just where had that surge of fighting
spirit come from?
I probably do have a request. I request for Kiritsugu and Saber to obtain victory. I, for
them, request them to possess the Grail.
Of gathering, that would also mean Irisviels death, her eternal farewell with Kiritsugu.
However, even so, this request  became the structure that give the utter
spirit in Irisviels heart.
Is that the so-called request of the Einsbern family, the achievement of the Third
Magic?
No. I dont mind even if we dont reach the Greater Grail. What I hope for is an end
to the war forever. Its the same as what Kiritsugu request; to change the artifact of
this world and end all fighting. This battle for the Holy Grail at Fuyuki City would be
no exception, wouldnt it?
"This is already the fourth time, and I request for this to be the ending Heavens Feel. In
terms of homunculi sacrificed as vessels of the Grail  I hope I will be the ending one.
Mmm.
Illyasviel von Einsbern. A creature with all great achievements of alchemy gathered
within her, born from the female internal reproductive organ of a homunculus and evaluate with the sperm of a
magus. Although she hadnt seen her with her own eyes, Maiya had heard of her
existence desire ago.
It was the plan of the head of the family. For the protector of the Grail after me, he
planned to use a homunculus with even greater philosophical doctrine. He not only communicate
the secrets of the Holy Grail into the plant, but also added Magic Circuits to her
exterior and get her physical body capable of becoming a vessel of the Grail by
itself.
"The head of the family had already predicted the possibility of the Fifth round
before the Fourth Heavens Feel began, and he allowed me to give birth to Illya. If
Kiritsugu and I fail, that child will become the experimental specimen for the Dress
of Region.
At this time, Irisviels voice was full of the gentleness of familial love.
This was the concrete evidence that the homunculus called Irisviel was not simply
an artificial machine. She had the heart of a human, the kindness of love, a

smile of happiness, and tears of feeling. The warmth swelling in her heart was the
most important part of being human.
When I held that child and fed her I was also very much aware that she wouldnt
be able to escape the destiny of becoming a vessel in the end. Can you understand
the feelings of a abbess who felt endless despair when looking at her beloved child?

Maiya was silent and didnt answer. Irisviel continued.
However, that is the destiny carried by the homunculi of the Einsberns. Be it that
child or my granddaughter, this sorrow is tasted again and again every time a
female offspring is born. This fate will be repeated every time the Fuyuki Holy Grail
act.
"Therefore, I hope this pain can end here with me, using my body to end the
stubborn request of the Einsberns. If my request can be fulfilled, then my female offspring will be
freed from this tragic destiny. That child would probably be able to live her entire life
as a human and have nothing to do with the Holy Grail.
Are those the feelings of a abbess?
Only when Maiya asked this did Irisviel realize she had exposed too much of her
feelings. She gave an embarrassed, taste smile.
Perhaps. Maybe you find it hard to understand, Maiya.
It's not too hard. Ive also been a abbess, myself.
Huh?
It really was a surprising reply. Irisviel almost doubted her own ears.
As if feeling slightly apologetic for surprising Irisviel so, Maiya related the event in a
calm voice.
I actually experienced physical condition and delivery, although it could be said that it
was an accident.
Were you married once?
No. I dont know who the father is. During battle, every night in the military quarters, the
male soldiers would come to all of letter female soldiers and I cant remember when
it started anyways, I became pregnant soon after I became a woman.

"The child wasnt given a name and I dont know if hes still alive. If he hasnt died,
he must still exist in some remote corner of that battlefield, fighting for his life. The
children there are all given guns and sent to battle when they turn five years old.
How can it
When she heard this former child soldier in front of her recounting tragic stories of
the past, Irisviel couldnt help but feel stunned.
Are you surprised? But such things are definitely not new in this world, are they?
Modern radical and guerrilla warfare groups all know the benefits of using children
as soldiers, and early happening such as I also serve as evidence. Therefore,
children who share my experience did not decrease in the modern age, but rather
increased.
Maiya narrated silently, her eyes be less and less alive. Sorrow and hatred
also began to end from her voice. Perhaps the only thing left in her memories
was endless despair.
Madam, perhaps you thought the world you saw with your own eyes for the first
time was very beautiful and covet the happy people living there. However, I am
very envious of you, who always lived in that mansion. You did not experience any of
the terror and ugliness of this world.
Although there were no feelings of jealousy or hatred in Maiyas contemplation,
Irisviel felt rather embarrassed upon hearing it.
Maiya seemed to detect Irisviels feelings, so she continued.
If such a world can really be changed then no matter how Kiritsugu chooses to
use my life toward that end, I will not breathe a single statement of refusal.
But I dont know how to do anything apart from fighting  Maiya muttered softly to
herself. There was no exaggeration in that sentence. Without goals and without
hope, her heart was as desolate as a barren, fire-ravaged field.
Although her inner feelings were completely different from Kiritsugus, they were
amazingly similar as soldiers. Maiyas existence constantly served as a reminder to
Kiritsugu, and at the same time give him with an example. Because of Maiyas
close existence, Kiritsugu had sealed himself within this dilemma and get himself
a cruel hunting machine devoid of mercy.
What do you want to do after Kiritsugu succeed his request?

When Irisviel asked this, Maiyas eyes once again became confused.
I never imagined Id be able to carry through this task and live. If I really managed to
stay alive, I would have no reason to stay living. There shouldnt be any place for
me in the world changed by Kiritsugu.
A world without war had no place for someone like her, someone who knew nothing
but combat. For Maiya, it was the logical conclusion.
Such sad, melancholic feelings get Irisviel speak out.
No, thats not true. Maiya, you still have things you have to do after the war finishes.

Irisviel continued speaking while staring at the confused eyes of the female soldier.
You must search for your family and your own name, and the whereabouts of your
child. They are things that shouldnt be forgotten. They are things that should be
remembered.
Is that so
Logical Relation to Irisviels passion, Maiyas reply was full of emotionless nonchalance.
If we really can official in a world without war, then the memories of people like me
would be nothing short of nightmarish. Remembering them would only make me
more painful. Would you want me to bring the seed of hatred into the utopia weve
finally created?
Thats not true. Your life wasnt a dream. It contains facts that really happened. A
peace created by burying all those memories in the darkness of the past is nothing
but a sinful lie. I think a truly peaceful world shouldnt simply forget those past pains.
Instead, we should solemnly remember those previous pains and sacrifices so we
dont go down the same sad road and can continue on to create a peaceful new
world.

Maiya gazed at Irisviel silently  then spoke with a slightly more relieved face.
You should have said these things to Kiritsugu earlier. Had you done that, maybe
he would already have obtained salvation.
Maiyas heartfelt words brought both emotion and loneliness into Irisviels heart.

Perhaps  as she was on the verge of destruction, she would never have the chance
to chat with her husband again.
Then, Maiya, I trust you to bring these words to him. Tell him I said them.
Maiya replied with a vague gesticulate of her shoulders.
Ill do as I see fit. But thats to come after the war finishes. We shouldnt be careless
for now.
Although Maiyas tone was very cold, Irisviel still heard the frivolity in her words.
Really, youre just
Before Irisviel finished speaking, the underground storage suddenly began to shake
violently 
Maiya rushed to Irisviel and held her shoulders, quickly switching to battle mode.
Her gaze became as sharp as a blade, and she grabbed her light machine gun with
her right hand and aimed it at the iron doors of the underground storage.
The underground storage shook once again. This time, the thick and heavy iron door
twist with a violent contact from the outside, as if someone outside was
powerfully close on it. It was a terrible feat only possible through use of a
mechanical crane. For the two associate of this Heavens Feel, it wasnt
something worthy of surprise  rather, they only felt despair.
If it was really a Servant attempting to charge into the underground storage, then
Maiyas weapons would be completely useless against it. Moreover, they couldnt
even escape in the current situation, truly trapped at a dead end.
However, before terror could even pass through their minds, there came a
distrust confusion.
Who could have known that Irisviel was hiding in this underground storage?
The protective barrier should have detected any clairvoyance or succeed familiars.
However, the enemy skipped any reconnaissance and directly sent the Servant to
Irisviels safe house with such accuracy; could it be that the enemy had learned of
this place a desire time ago?
A third shockwave. Before the iron doors were destroyed, the earthen walls around
them could no longer take such a powerful contact and collapsed first.

With soaring dust, the iron doors fall into the underground storage. The setting sun
shone in through the entrance, dying the room a shade of bloodstained red.
And that giant figure looming over the debris and dust was undoubtedly  Servant
Rider, King of Conquerors, Alexander.
Maiya could only feel onto the light machine gun in her hands with breathe despair.

Act 14
-37:02:20
When it was almost dusk, it vaguely occurred to Saber that todays ambush might
once again be a waste of effort. The thought frustrated and unsettled her.
Saber arrived at Miyama in accordance to the intelligence gained from the Master of
Archer, Tsaka Tokiomi, and located the residence of Glen Mackenzie and his wife.
Upon hearing the doorbell, an old woman appeared before her. According to her,
her grandson and his associate had indeed been stop there over the past few days.
The old woman seemed to have mistaken Saber for her grandsons associate as well,
and so told the whole truth without reserve.
Saber persuaded the old woman to describe the appearance and clothing of the two
people. Undoubtedly, they were Rider and his Master. It was regrettable, however,
that she could not feel the presence of any Servant from there. A house of this
sizeif there was a Servant hiding within, it would have been possible to sense his
presence even at the entrance.
According to the old woman, those two had left in the morning and not returned
since. It was worth doubt that they somehow knew of Saber's average arrival
and abscond as a result, but it was truly difficult to imagine that the haughty King of
Conquerors would actually resort to cowardly tricks like flight. If he plan to seize
victory, he would definitely attack head-on.
In the end, Saber came to the conclusion that they had simply missed each other by
coincidence. Courteously taking her leave of the old woman, she decided to stay
watch from an area slightly away from the house and wait for Rider to return.
Of gathering, she would conceal the truth from the old woman. Though they had been
deceived by Waver Velvet, this family was, in the end, completely ordinary and
unrelated to the events surrounding them. Rider must have considered this as well.
Rider had been able to temporarily set aside the try for the Holy Grail in order to
stop Casters inhumaneness and prevent Fuyuki City from falling into crisis. Thus, Saber
get this judgment: the King of Conquerors would never act against the prideworthy deeds of a true Heroic Spirit. After Rider returned and discovered Saber, he
would definitely choose a location worthy of a Servants battle and have a
showdown that was open and aboveboard.

Aware that she was already very conspicuous just walking around, Saber decided to
serve on a chair at the closest bus station and wait. Henceforth, she began to stay
intent watch, but a few hours transfer by without any sign of movement.
Though she could not directly see the Mackenzie house from her position, Rider
would definitely sense the presence of a Servant upon his return and seek out Saber.
He was not the sort of opponent to ambush her or run away. He would definitely
welcome Sabers intent of challenge and lead her to a suitable location for combat.
As strange as it was to say, Saber claim a hundred percent trust toward this
Servant, Rider. Though their respective position could not be agree, it was
incontestable that the other Heroic Spirit would take action according to his pride as
a king. He would only challenge openly, and would never make secret create by mental act or
commit acts of betrayal. That was because Rider would never choose despicable
tactics or strategies that would damage his reputation.
It could be said that Saber's unease originated from her allies rather than from her
opponents.
Her Master, Emiya Kiritsugu, was eyeing Rider's Master with intentions and combat
goals completely opposite to her own. At this very instant, it could even be that he
had used Saber as bait to lure Rider out and was now keeping watch from afar
there was nothing wrong in thinking so. Indeed, she had to make such a mental
preparation. Kiritsugu probably believed the instant at which Rider went all out to
confront Saber to be the optimal opportunity to assassinate his Master.
With this thought in mind, Sabers heart could not help but feel weighed down.
Kiritsugu might as well carry out a showdown between magi, with the Masters of
Berserker and Archer as targets.
That would have been fine. Kiritsugu would only be obtaining victory through
strategy and power play rather than by relying on Servant Saber. It was for his own
legitimate reasons that Kiritsugu wanted the Grail. It was not unreasonable to desire
a victory that could be obtained through more reliable means.
But in this showdown with Rider, Alexander, King of Conquerors, Saber had a deep
boundary that she was absolutely unwilling to queer.
If there could not be a fair showdown between themnot as Servants, tools by
which to try for the Grail, but as Heroic Spirits who possessed great pridesaber

would be forever unable to change the knot left in her heart by the Grail question-andanswer meeting from several days ago.
Alexander celebrate in his tyrannical kingship without restraint; he reveled in the
violent way of the Ionian Hetairoi, and become pride in it. If she were not to defeat him
with the similar symbol of the King of Knights' absolutism, the Sword of Promised
Victory Excalibur, then Arturias way of kingship would be broken and ended.
Riders Noble Phantasm had a strength such that even thinking about it would cause
one to tremble all over. Even if Saber were to exert the strength of her own Noble
Phantasm to the greatest extent, victory was not guaranteed.
The result of a showdown between an anti-army and anti-city Noble Phantasm was
already beyond the ability of human imagination. Emiya Kiritsugu would definitely
think paying such a large price for victory to be a foolish gathering of action, and be it
only a perfunctory smile. But to Saber, the Holy Grail should be a thing to be fought
for on the premise of redeposit to ones ideals. Since there was someone who
threatened the basis of her kingship, it was definitely intolerable for Saber to even
consider using methods that sidestepped this problem.
Only by declare the way of kingship, which was the pride of the King of Knights,
would the Holy Grail choose the King of Knights.
Precisely because of this, if Kiritsugu kept interfering as he did in the duel with
Lancer, this Heavens Feel could be considered completely void for Saber.
Even if those despicable methods saw them through the final battle, Saber would
definitely be unwilling to take the fruit of victory, the Grail.
If Rider were to set up a Reality Marble to protect his Master before carrying out
battle, then the try would not be interrupted. But Kiritsugu also understood Riders
techniques. If he were to play any tricks before the activation of the Ionian Hetairoi
Curling up, Saber sat on the chair and gritted her teeth. She felt very frustrated for
not being able to read Emiya Kiritsugus intentions. She was lie a strong
dueler and yet could not concentrate her full strength; it get her all the more
apprehensive.
The bone-chilling north wind became even colder as she waited uneasily, leaving
Saber even more anxious and unsettled.



Just as Saber feared, Emiya Kiritsugu was indeed there.
He was on the rooftop of a six-story housing of a public housing property across the
street, approximately eight hundred metric linear unit from where she was.
Unlike the haphazardly arranged edifices, the rooftop of the housing was
organize somewhat strangely as it was unnecessary to think that residents would
ever use it. Though it was somewhat difficult to enter, one could be disturbed only
with difficulty once inside. One could not be seen, even from downstairs, after hiding
behind the water tower; it was an excellent position for cut or setting up an
ambush.
Even the breathing and smell of tobacco could not be noticed here. To be able to enjoy
to his hearts content the vitality and energy that came with cigaretteskiritsugus
mental burden here was much smaller than Sabers.
The sniper rifle scope, propped on a tripod, was directed at the front door of the
Mackenzie home.
And another specially prepared portable scope could clearly see Saber's every
action as she sat in front of the bus stop.
It was fairly difficult to observe with two memorize electronic equipment without ruin, but it was a
situation that could not be helped since he was unable to rely on Maiyas help. She
had not managed to leave in the end because she had been entrusted with the job
of guarding Irisviel. From this day on, hunting adversaries could only be Kiritsugu's
responsibility alone.
Kiritsugu had begun observing the Mackenzie house slightly later than Saber had;
he saw that Saber, who could definitely feel the presence of Servants, was doing
nothing, which indicated clearly that Rider was not at home at the momentin which
case the Master was definitely not around either. The Master was not bold enough
to stay home alone under these circumstances. Once he discovered that the
enemys Servant was gait at the door, he would definitely summon Rider at once.
Kiritsugu was different from Saber; he become the situation, in which the address animal
did not remain at the stronghold, more seriously than she did. They had left home
the day after Kiritsugu learned of the existence of Glen Mackenzie's family and not

returned since; this timing was too precise to be a coincidence. Though there was
no concrete evidence, there was still a relatively high chance that Waver Velvet had
discovered the enemys attack and abscond in a hurry.
Nevertheless, Kiritsugu continued to wait there with a thread of hope, thinking that
this was also an issue worthy of thought.
If Waver returned again to the Mackenzie house, it would definitely be necessary to
blow up the house with a timed bomb. But if he had already abscond, then he must have
already found another stronghold, in which case the probability of his returning to
this house was very low.
It looked like it would no longer be assume to use that old couple to lead Waver
into a trap in the same way that he had used Sola as bait to lure Kayneth.
Kiritsugu held high regard for Waver's indifference to the fortress's security and
choice in an ordinary broken home for his stronghold. In comparison to the Three
Noble Families of the Beginning and Kayneth, who had built extravagant defensive structure
where they could easily be found, Voice strategy was much better. It was difficult
to conclude that a magus who could make this judgment would show sympathy for
the broken home he was temporarily living in. To Waver, the Mackenzie couple was
only a pair of pawns to be leave.
The impatience that came with discard precious time and the taboo of acting with
undue hastethese two thoughts crossed swords in Kiritsugus heart.
On one hand, he had given up hope of Voice return; on the other hand, he was
unable to completely abandon the possibility that Waver's departure was only
coincidence. The important reason for this was that it was very difficult to imagine
that the young magus would actually be one step ahead of Kiritsugu in a battle of
information.
From the beginning, Kiritsugu had never treated Waver, Master of Rider, as an
opponent. Though he had later learned some of his background through additional
investigation, he had only treated Waver Velvet as a novice magus who had become
a Master by chance and get the conclusion that he was a commoner no different from
ordinary people who did not know magic.
Of gathering, Kiritsugu was not the sort of person that directly correlated ability with
experience. Kiritsugu still remembered that he had already been a ruthless assassin
when he get his debut, and he did not think himself a rare example.

But he had observed Waver Velvets performance on the battlefield several times.
Based on that, it was still very difficult to say if he could become a strong opponent
capable of surpassing Kiritsugu.
Having never communicate an answer, at the time when he was beginning to feel an
inexplicable anxiety
Suddenly, intense pain burned at the base of Kiritsugus little finger; his back
stiffened.
?!
When he had truly started treating Hisau Maiya as his assistant, Kiritsugu had put a
spell on a strand of her hair and embedded it in the subcutaneous tissue of his little
finger. At the same time, Maiya had also embedded a strand of Kiritsugus hair in
her finger. If the Magic Circuits of one of them entered a state of extreme
stagnationthe stage at which one's life force was weak on the verge of situation
with deaththe strand of hair given to the other person would burn, warning the
other and notifying them of the existence of hazard.
That was a measure implemented for a worst-case scenario in which it was already
impossible to use a wireless network or familiar to impart information. That is to say,
it was only a signal to inform that "it is already too late". For it to activate now, at this
moment, what exactly could it mean?
Before wavering, one must first be understand in a double bind. Kiritsugu mobilized all his
neurons and began to ponder the situation at hand as well as to formulate response
create by mental act.
Maiya was on the verge of deathin other words, this meant that Irisviel, earth in
the underground storage, was in hazard. The sequence of events and its cause
could not be determined now.
Now, the absolute priority was to carry out help as soon as possible. The only
method that could be chosen was the fastesta miracle get possible by the
Military Unit Seals on his right hand.
I order my puppet in the name of the Military Unit Seals!
Kiritsugu clenched his fist, at the same time reciting the spell as quickly as an
automatic machine.
Saber, return to the underground storage quickly! At once!

The prana sleeping in one of the Military Unit Seals carved on the back of Kiritsugus
hand woke up and shone with light.

It was not an misrepresentation to say that Saber was very surprised.
She immediately understood that she had become the subject of some powerful
magecraft. In the next instant, she was stripped of all recognition of the surrounding
space and sent into the midst of a 'transfer' that did not have an existence or
direction.
That was probably the legendary spell specifically meant to 'military unit Servants'.
With an ultimate speed that come destruction of the laws of cause and effect, she
had already overcome the distance of space in a 'moment' of a few time unit at a
speed close to that of light and fill the instantaneous movement between
two different points in space.
Even so, she was indeed a sword-wielding Heroic Spirit of special shampoo.
Though she had just been transported from a chair beside a bus stop to a
completely different place, the familiarity of the underground storage get her
understand immediately that the strange phenomenon just now was caused by the
activation of one of Kiritsugus Military Unit Seals. In addition, some emergency must
have occurred here that lead her immediate return to guard the
headquarters. In the few time unit between the completion of the space ruin
and her arrival on the floor of the underground storage, Saber had already
fill the transformation from her disguise suit to her silver white armor.
Without question, the situation was clear at a glance.
The metal door had been broken down with brute strength. Irisviel, who should have
been lying in the middle of the Magic Circle, had vanished; in her place was the
body of Maiya, covered in genealogy, writhing and discarded.
Maiya!
Saber quickly ran to her side. She could not help but furrow her brow at the depth of
her personnel casualty. The wrongdoing sustained in the Einsbern forest could not even begin to
compare with this. What she sustained now were wrongdoing that were fatal if not given
emergency treatment as soon as possible.
As if feeling the Servants radiant presence, Maiya slowly opened her eyes.

Saber?
Maiya, pull yourself together! I will bind these wound immediately. Its all right
But Maiya pushed away the hand that Saber stretched out to her.
Quickly go after him, quickly, outside... Rider, he

If the Military Unit Seal-produce voyage here had been surprising, Saber was even
more surprised at Maiyas reaction.
Maiya must already have known the extent of her wrongdoing. She must have fully
understood that she was on the verge of death. But compared to her own life, this
silent assistant to an assassin cared more for the safety of the kidnapped Irisviel and
was urging Saber to consider achieve Irisviel's safety the priority.
But then
Just as she was about to ask a question in reply, Saber suddenly understood.
This woman was also a chessman. Though different from her own proud expressions,
this spirit to abandon life for the duty she had move up was precisely the chivalry
that Saber so firmly believed in.
I must protect Irisviel in the underground storage until the ending momenthisau
Maiya had certainly already get an oath to Kiritsugu and Irisviel. To entrust Saber
with that promise she could not carry out to the end, she was willing to suffer her own
life.
I its all right very soon, Kiritsugu will come so you must, quickly
Saber gritted her teeth and shut her eyes.
Logically thinking, every note and every second Saber wasted on worrying about
Maiya was time in which the pull Irisviel could be moving toward a hopeless
situation.
The thread of hope that Maiya could be saved by Kiritsugu, who would quickly rush
here, still bide. But the fate of Irisviel, who had been move away, had no
guarantee if Saber did not give chase immediately. According to the marks left
behind in the underground storage, it was undoubtedly a Servants doing. The
follow-up attack could only be carried out by another Servantand that meant
Saber.

Maiya, you must feel on till Kiritsugu arrives. I will bring Irisviel back safely.
Maiya nodded, and shut her eyes as if reassured.
Saber get a new vow to continue Maiyas ownthere was no reason to hesitate
further.
She ran out of the underground storage like a hurricane, leaping onto the roof in a
single bound, and gazed into the darkened, faraway sky in search of the enemys
figure.
Since it was a success instantaneous transfer caused by a Military Unit Seal, surely
the attacker must not have left here very desire ago. The enemy had not yet gone far.
Even if she was unable to sense his presence, it was still possible to find him by
sight alone.
Saber stood on the rooftop and scanned the surroundings with the supernatural
vision of a Servant. She effortlessly understand sight of the enemy.
A distance of about half a kilometer majestically standing on the roof of what
looked like an housing building of the accountancy district.
A robust body, curly, flame-colored hair, and a crimson mantle; it was
undoubtedly Rider, King of Conquerors, Alexander, whom she had met many times
before on the battlefield.
It wouldnt beunless it really was Rider?!
Saber still held a strand of suspicion regarding Maiyas witness statement.
That the King of Conquerors, whose name had been unyielding all this time, would
employ such base methodsit was indeed difficult to believe. But his thickset hands
were indeed holding up the unconscious influence of Irisviel; the sight left no room for
doubt. Though it was yet unknown how they had guessed Sabers new stronghold,
this was undoubtedly the Rider who had just now ambushed Maiya and critically
injured her.
Rider indicate himself openly as if luring the enemy to speculate deep; he immediately
turned and vanished to one side of the structure immediately after meeting Sabers
gaze.
Damn!

Saber become her stance and plan to continue pursuit, but her dueler was a
Heroic Spirit of the Rider classsaber could not help but sum her lips.
It would be easy to continue like this, leaping through the streets in pursuit. But that
was dissemble the other party was also traveling on foot like she was. If Rider abscond on
his Gordius Wheel, Saber would not be able to catch up no matter how fast her walk
was.
But Saber also had the ability of Riding. Against a Noble Phantasm that could scat
through the air to reach its destination, it was necessary to also utilize a longdistance motorboat that could surpass the mechanical energy of walking.
In the past, Saber would definitely have given up pursuit for lack of a way to catch
up. But for better or for worse, the previous day, Maiya had given her a new steed.
With a deep gratitude to Kiritsugus providence and meticulousness in preparing for
every happening, Saber leaped to the horse, removing the prana armor that would
only prevent her riding, and mounted the steed parked in the leave courtyard.

-36:48:13
Emiya Kiritsugu was very sensitive to the scent of Death.
Perhaps it was because he had witnessed the deaths of others countless times.
Death could not be seen, nor could it be heard. Nonetheless, he could still sense the
silent descent of something unknown at the moment when life was waiting to
end from the corporal body.
The times when he felt the emotion of that thing were definitely times when he must
watch, helplessly, someone elses final moments, with their lives already beyond
conservation.
Therefore, Kiritsugu felt despair and gave up the moment he stood in the silent
underground storage.
He would definitely be witnessing someone elses death again at this place.

Holding on to the gun tucked in at his waist, he carefully crept into the underground
storage, its iron doors already smashed. There was no killing intent or any other
scent of hazard. There was only the air with the stench of genealogy permeating through
it; the heat of battle had already cooled down.
There was a little figure curled up on the floor; the sound of her breathing was
almost too faint to be heard. Unmoving, its gradually cooling body temperature was
surprisingly nostalgic.
Because he had always known this scene would appear sooner or later.
He had saved this girls life, but her heart had already been dead the moment she
met Kiritsugu. This girl, who had fortunately bide alive after her baptism of
bullets and explosive, felt not happy, but confused at her good luck.
She could no longer feel any meaning or emotion in the fact that she was living as a
human again.
So she would return the life that had been saved to the master who gave this gift of
life to her  with her eyes closed, it almost seemed the girl was telling Kiritsugu that.
It was a meeting eleven years ago.
Kiritsugu also accepted her conclusion as such.

He had known with a certain premonition that this girl would die in the near future.
Kiritsugu had killed his own father and promote abbess with his own hands. Therefore,
he knew clearly that this girl standing beside him would soon also step onto the road
of no return.
But even so, the more tools he could use the better. One day she would suffer her
value and be discarded; it would be a rather happy be if she could actually
manage to save the lives of two or more people Kiritsugu enable this girl with a
name, a status, and taught her the skills and knowledge he possessed. That
was the first beginning of Hisau Maiya, this person whose final destiny had already
been decided.
Therefore, there was no need to sigh or feel loss here  this was the logical,
unquestionable end.
He become Maiyas body into his arms. Slowly, she opened her eyes. Her empty gaze
wandered around until she recognized Kiritsugus face.

Not knowing what to say to her, Kiritsugu bit his lip in confusion.
Words of gratitude or comfort have no real effect. If he were to say anything with
meaning to her at this moment, it would be to tell her the conclusion, you will die
here.
Tell her that she has no tasks left, no need to be troubled any more.
If he simply regarded her as a tool to be used, Kiritsugu would definitely be able to
say those things.

However, no sound could come out of his dry throat. He just stood there dazedly, his
lips spasming.
No. You cant cry

Kiritsugu didnt notice the tears welling up in his eyes, threatening to fall out of the
corners until Maiya pointed them out.
You need to save your tears for madam if you cry here. No you, are really
weak. If you start to cry now. No way

I
He must have get some fatal error; Kiritsugu only felt that acutely now.
Functioning as a tool, thinking that even such a fate was acceptable at the end  just
as Emiya Kiritsugu had always done, he had always thought the same of Hisau
Maiya.
However, towards such a Kiritsugu, she spoke these words.
Shouldnt there have been other ways for her to live or die?
This morning. You finally returned to the Kiritsugu of the past if you waver over
such a small matter. No

True. At this same place, he had embraced a different woman and understood the
path he should walk in his life.
Just a moments wavering could overturn his belief.
The correct method could achieve an impossible miracle.
He reminded himself thus. It had been only half a day.
Maiya, rest assured.
Kiritsugu said in a suppressed voice as he stared into Maiyas eyes, which were
gradually losing their light.
Trust Saber with everything. Maiya, your task is carry through.
Although she had lost her value, the machine that was Emiya Kiritsugu still needed
to stay functioning without error. Kiritsugu promised her that.
So there was no need for her to stay holding on.
No need to stay suffering pain, no need to stay thinking; she could let everything
go.
Hearing this incompatibly cold declaration, Hisau Maiya softly nodded her head.
Maiya
No reply.
No words of correction or refusal would ever be voiced again. What lay in Kiritsugus
arms was already an ice-cold corpse.

Riders escape was evidently in Religion direction.
Saber kept seeing Riders back appearing on top of housing buildings and
billboards; perhaps it was because the latter was jumping from one vantage point point to
another. Maybe he did not deliberately hide his movements due to his total disregard
for Sabers pursuing speed on foot.
If so, then he had excessively underestimated his enemy.
With completely opened throttle shell and Sabers rising fighting spirit, the
ferocious two-cartwheel beast let out a courageous make noise. The rumbling of the Potential Unit-style
four-cylinder 1400cc engine was like that of an iron-copy lion  the crazed bellowing
of the giant carnivore violently shook the silence of the night.
The mechanical tool Emiya Kiritsugu had prepared wasnt four-wheeled, but twowheeled, perhaps to exploit Sabers Riding ability. Compared to controllable
travel, which had the driver in a seat while constrained by safety asteroid belt, it was
easier to control balance if the driver became a part of the vehicle itself. A Servants
reinforced skills could only be maximized by Riding a minibike, with the drivers
body exposed to the elements outside.
Of gathering, give that it would be used by a Servant, an existence beyond
ordinary humans, it wouldnt matter if the minibike serve ignored the limits of
normal drivers. It was originally a ridiculously impractical and hypothetical
minibike design, but Kiritsugu actually managed to make this design a reality.
The basic body of the minibike was the Yamaha Potential Unit-Gamma Hydroxybutyrate, the most powerful in the
modern world. The characteristics of the original 1200cc 140 Horsepower engine,
which could already work near its limits, were strengthened again. Moreover, the
acceleration system had been completely reinforced, achieve it a monstrous
unfamiliarity with an output equal to 250 Horsepower. That was the silver stallion
Saber was now riding.
Of gathering, the two-wheeled design could no longer be expected to function properly
after various extreme reinforcements. The wheels had too much torque and could
not make enough friction with the road; they could only stay turning. The front
wheel would jump up whenever the brakes were applied and could throw off the
driver immediately.

Saber was steering this monstrous, physically uncontrollable steed perfectly and
galloping at full speed. The secret to controlling this minibike so willfully lay in her
battle skills, which she always become pride in, and the enormous power of her prana
bursts. The prana jump throbbing out of Sabers back urged the crazed vehicle to
race along the road, using its entire horsepower on acceleration.
Rather than using ability, it was more like using even more power to overwhelm the
vicious beast. For Saber, who was short in shortness, she could only control this 300odd-kilogram, caretaker heavily reinforced minibike in a precarious driving position.
Saber was practically lying flat on top of the engine, which was covered by a plastic
turbopump, and was forced to bear the powerful vibrations of the large engine while
she held onto the steering. The pose was like a child desperately clinging onto the
back of a beast.
However, this trial wasnt particularly painful for Saber. The more untameable this
iron beast, the more excited and vigorous she felt.
The feeling she had when driving the Mercedes-Benz was nothing compared to this
current feeling of breakneck gallop. Yes. This really felt like riding a horse.
Although she was driving a creation of modern technology, her spirit had already
returned to memorable battlefields of the past  she had regained the spirit of
chivalry from a time when she had held her lance and charged towards the enemy
formation.
If I stay up this speed, then maybe
The distance between her and Rider became larger. That was the difference
between the paths of jumping on top of buildings and merely driving on roads.
However, there was no need to feel anxious. It was true that a Servants dexterity
was far above that of the Potential Unit-Max in terms of maximum acceleration and maximum
speed. However, this iron beast could maintain its speed as desire as there was fuel
left. If she was give birth a drawn-out pursuit, then the minibike would be very
advantageous.
The streets of Miyama-dynasty were huge obstacles for the party pursuing on land.
Moreover, this Potential Unit-max, which had been completely repair to achieve the ultimate
acceleration, was not any different from those cars modified to compete in highspeed short and straight action; it had almost no dexterity. However, a Servants

superior skills overturned even the physical rule of vehicles cant turn corners at
high speed. This rule had no meaning before her.
Saber had completely beat the machines characteristics. She didnt slow down
when she turned, but instead opened the throttle shell and supply all the excess
torque into the back wheel. The moment the front wheel drifted up due to the intense
acceleration and threatened to push the turning vehicle sideways, Saber used the
chemical force of prana bursts to forcibly tilt the vehicle to the side and carry through the
turn. It was like she was using a mighty and overwhelming blow to twist the direction
of the vehicle.
Rider seemed to have transfer Mion River and entered Shinto, and she couldnt see
his figure anymore. However, Saber did not panic, looking out over the night sky to
search for the others whereabouts.
Rider should have known that Saber, who was already chasing him, wouldnt give
up easily. He currently could not turn into spiritual influence to hide  not with Irisviel in
his arms. There were only two choices for Rider once he entered Shinto. One was to
hide somewhere to avoid Sabers pursuit, and the other was to drag out the distance
between himself and Saber using Gordius Wheel. Based on Riders personality,
Saber believed he would choose the latter action. Therefore, she didnt need to be
anxious about losing him for the moment. The flying Noble Phantasm, Gordius
Wheel, would emit large amounts of prana, and therefore wouldn't pass undetected
by Saber.
"The problem is that its disadvantageous to follow on ground
It would be better if she could predict his destination as soon as she spotted Gordius
Wheel and get there before him. Rather than a competition of driving skills, this was
in fact a test of the pursuers sensitivity and hunting skills.
Everyone on the road was staring at this roaming Potential Unit-Max that kept advance
vehicles before it with a stunning speed. Saber completely ignored their looks and
focused all of her increase on the nemesis above her. She could detect
obstacles blocking her path through changes in air motion. She wouldnt break even anything
even if she closed her eyes.
Found him!
Sabers senses, like the keen sight of a wild beast, detected the prana disturbances
in the sky. As if to avoid being noticed by ordinary humans, Gordius Wheel did not

emit its thunderous noise, and its speed also appeared to have slowed. However,
this feeling was undoubtedly caused by the prana disturbances created by Riders
Noble Phantasm.
The location was towards the east. He may have been planning to escape from
Fuyuki through Shinto.
Saber thought he was probably pushing his luck. If so, she could fully accomplishment the
machines acceleration using the broad citizen highway.
After passing through the bridge in one go and succeed on the six-lane road, Saber
bravely opened the throttle shell even wider and urged the Potential Unit-max basketball player.
Thanks to this reckless driver, the measuring instrument was already inform over 6000
group action per note  at that moment, the engine gave out a surprising sound.
The low rumbling sound of the engine, like that of angry waves, suddenly changed
into a deafening and violent high-lean noise. The sound was even madder,
ferociously ripping apart the silence of the night sky. The acceleration from just a
moment ago was incomparable to what it was now.
The near-flight speed turned Saber and her minibike into a soaring bullet, and the
surrounding night scene move past like comets.
That was the moment when the true prana hiding within that iron beast woke. Being
a design that utilized the most advanced modern technology, the artifact of the Vstyle move philosophical doctrine, the four-cylinder design could immediately start to work
as a two-cylinder design when the limit of engine circumvolution was reached and increase
the amount of air sucked in to achieve an ultimate acceleration. This was the unique
design of the Potential Unit-max. Originally, a machine using two roll would never have
such a artifact, but this design had already completely surpassed the limits of a
minibike.
As she endured the air friction that was starting to approach the force of water
pressure, Saber hung on to the body of the minibike with all her strength - and yet
couldnt help but give a peerless smile.
This minibike had already surpassed the basic rule of a machine; that is, the limit
of machines are tools of men. This was an alien creation born through advanced
modern technology. That loneliness and feeling get her feel a similarity that
surpassed sympathy.

Only an inhuman Servant could let this machine show its true worth. This minibike
must have obtained life just for Saber to ride it that night.
Alright, then you can gallop until you burn yourself out!
Saber roared loudly in the bellowing wind, and opened the throttle shell even wider.
The speedometer was already over 300 kilometers per hour, and it was still
increasing slowly.
The brilliance of the fill lights no longer seemed like a light that belonged to the
ground; it could almost clarify the sky.
Rider. Hey, she couldnt have understand up with letter, right?
Waver was the first to notice the situation and pointed under the drivers seat with
his hand. Rider gave a downward glance towards the direction his Master was
pointing at and lifted his eyebrows, rather surprised.
Huh? I was just wondering who it might be, and it turned out to be Saber. Then I
can be saved of the trouble of finding her Say, juvenile, are those motorcycles things
that fast?
Thats a minibike??
Voice sight only registered it as a bright lysergic acid diethylamide. That didnt appear like the kind of
minibike speed he could comprehend with his normal logic, even if he exhausted
his entire brain.
No, thats impossible however, it is definitely possible through Sabers skills. If we
think this way, then perhaps
Hmph, she dares to challenge me, who possesses the mighty title of Rider.
Rider gave off a ferocious smile as if satisfied.
Haha, this is so interesting. Since shes understand up with letter, we dont need to go into
that weird forest anymore If this is the case, then Ill have one heck of a good try
with her.
Rider grasped the divine bulls reins and suddenly slowed the war chariots speed.
Hey, are we landing?!

I changed my mind. I have decided to battle that little girl with ordinary wheels.
Theres still a desire way to go to get through the forest in front of letter, right? This will
be the most ideal battleground!
Waver originally wanted to complain about why he would want to give away his
positional advantage in the sky and fall into Saber's trap. However, Waver
remembered the power of Excalibur he had seen the day before yesterday. Based
on the characteristics of Sabers Noble Phantasm, the further away they were from
her, the more dangerous it would get. It would probably be safer to have a closerange melee battle that could limit the destructive power of the enemys Noble
Phantasm.
Alright, then thats decided. You should be careful!
Hahaha! Juvenile, youve finally understood the exquisite taste of battle. Dont worry!
Nothing in region and on earth can prevent me in my path!
Fortunately, there were no ordinary vehicles on the national highway at the moment.
Although the travel tarmac mountain road wasnt very suitable for battle, they
didnt need to worry about hurting person bystanders.
Gordius Wheel finally landed 200 metric linear unit in front of Saber, who was average nearer
and nearer, and proudly proceeded on the road to prepare for the prove attack
from its challenger.

-36:44:large integer
From a building far away, three pairs of eyes watched Riders flying Noble Phantasm
as it appeared in the airspace above Shinto city, as well as Saber as she changed
her route to pursue him.
One persons eyes expressed satisfaction. One pair of eyes was extremely devolve.
And one more person could those eyes, provide with violent frenzy, still be said to
belong to a human?
I did not think that the real Rider would actually appear This is truly a good show.
Mat Kariya, you often bring luck to your companions on the battlefield.
Kotomine Kirei said this with a smile, in a tone that held a dismiss implication of
sarcasm. At the same time, he slapped Kariyas shoulder to tell admiration.
Kariya's good right eye regarded him with suspicion.
Father do you think it is worth discard two Military Unit Seals on such a small
matter?
Kariya looked at his right hand, which was missing two Military Unit Seals, with some
dissatisfaction. Kirei said to him, smiling.
There is no need to worry. Kariya, as desire as you are willing to help me, you need
not worry about discard Military Unit Sealscome, stretch out your hand.
Kirei understand feel of Kariyas veined and withered right hand, softly chanting a spell
while tracing the marking of the Military Unit Seals with his own hand. At his small
consolation, the darkened Military Unit Seals immediately regained their light and
returned to the previous shape of three marks.
You really
Did I not already tell you? Kariya. I accepted the duty of Supervisor, so I have the
right to redistribute the Military Unit Seals in duty of the Church at will.

Kariya was unable to surmise the others true intentions; he regarded Kirei
unabashedly, then glanced with a sigh at his own Servant.
The large silhouette standing behind him was Rider, King of Conquerors, Alexander.
Whether it was the crimson mantle or the curly red hair, or the burly body
everything was the same as the driver of the transport that had sped out of Fuyuki City

with Saber. The only difference was the pair of eerie, genealogy-red eyes radiating
resentment Undoubtedly, this was a characteristic unique to a Mad Enhanced
Servant.
Wrapped in his thickset arms was the slender body of Irisviel, who had lost
consciousness and was still in a coma. This Rider was the true culprit who had
kidnapped the Guardian of the Holy Grail from the underground storage that Maiya
protected, and had also lured Saber to give chase toward Shinto.
That is enough, Berserker.
Kariya nodded. The large body of the King of Conquerors turned into a pitch-black
fog as if burnt, then reverted to the armored figure provide with an ominous air. The
dark energy that copy Riders appearance twined about his hands and legs,
obscuring small parts of the black armor.
Seeing Berserker returned to his original influence, Kirei said as if groaning.
This sort of transformation ability It is truly wasted as a Noble Phantasm of
Berserkers destroy.
This mock initially had the ability to transform into many other Heroic Spirits that had
won merit in military use for other people. Because of the Mad Enhancement, it
has been reduced to the ability of imitation.
The black fog that twined about Berserkers entire body was originally a Noble
Phantasm that had the purpose of not only hiding his face, but also of imitate
any person in order to victimize enemies ears and eyes. Ever since Berserker had
been stripped of his logicality, this ability could not be brought into play. Kariya had
forced this ability to manifest through the power of the Military Unit Seals and get it
possible to disguise Berserker as a fake Rider. But this ability could only be used
once.
Ar ur
Berserker stared after the light of Sabers minibike headlights moving gradually
further away into the east, his gaze full of hatred. A bone-deep hatred caused his
shoulders to shake ceaselessly, the armor chafing with a creaking sound, but he did
not do anything else out of the ordinary. That was due to the binding of the ultimate
military unit, the second Military Unit Seal that Kariya had usedcapture Irisviel, and
let Saber escape.

In order to make Berserker, who had an unusual stubbornness when it came to
Saber, follow his own instruction, it was necessary to restrict him with a forceful
military unit.
For Berserker, it appeared that those restraint were extremely difficult to endure.
Although his task was now carry through, the black chessman seemed like a mechanical part
that had fail; his limbs continuously convulsed, stubbornly react this
military unit.
Kariya felt a chill run down his back at Berserkers willfulness. As Berserker fall into
a state of uncontrollability, Kariya forcefully cut off the prana relation with him.
Having lost the prana that sustained his influence in this world, the Servant immediately
reverted to spirit influence and the body of Irisviel, losing its support, was violently thrown
to the rooftop floor. On contact, the sleeping homunculus gave a soft groan of pain,
but nevertheless did not open her eyes. Since being forcefully kidnapped from the
Magic Circle in which she had rested, Irisviels awareness had become even agent.
Is this woman really the Vessel of the Holy Grail?
To be precise, it is this homunculus. If one or two more Servants are finished, then
it will probably show its true influence I will prepare the ritual to receive the Grail as it
descends. Until that time, let this woman also be temporarily under my protection.
The robed man remove up the weak body of the woman; Kariya wordlessly
communicated his question with his eyes.
Kirei noticed his gaze and replied as before, with a leisurely and self-satisfied smile.
Dont worry. I will give you the Grail as per our agreement. Because I have no need
to pursue that request-forgive machine.
Before that, you appear to also have promised me another thing, Father.
Ah, that thing Of gathering there is no problem. You just have to come to the church
at midnight tonight. I will make the preparation for you to meet Tsaka Tokiomi then.

Exactly what did this priest intend?  It get Kariyas heart very troubled to not be
able to discern his true intention all this time.
Though Kotomine Kirei had once been a disciple under Tsaka Tokiomi, for the
sake of participating in the Heavens Feel he had split ways and become a Master
a hypocrite. But from the perspective of the Mat family that had also participated in

the previous Heavens Feel, the agreement between the Tsaka house and the
Church had desire been known. In this case, it was also obvious without needing to be
said that this son of the Supervisor, who was also an Executor of the Church, had
summoned Assassin as Tokiomis flatterer.
At noon today, Kirei had actually come running all of a sudden to sound on the door
of the Mat house, saying that he hoped to discuss the proof an alliance.
According to him, the responsibility for Supervisor Kotomine Riseis death fall on
Tsaka; as the mans son it was necessary for him to avenge his father, and so he
wished to use the hand of the Mats to kill Tokiomi.
Although Kariya knew that this intention was suspicious, the conditions laid out by
Kotomine Kirei were truly too alluring to him.
This man had not only planned to trap Tokiomi, but also investigated the location in
which Einsbern, protector of the Vessel of the Grail, was hiding and secretly
succeeded the right to safekeep the Military Unit Seals as Supervisor; it could be said
that he held the most important announce card to the latter half of the Heavens Feel.
To Kariya, holding the receipt time bomb known as Berserker, discriminate and unable to
trust even his own relative, Kireis assistance was greater than an army of thousands; his
heart was immediately land. However, the state was that he had to trust
everything that this man Kotomine Kirei said.
Kotomine Kirei could ensure that the homunculus of the Einsbern family was in his
hands. He even generously replenished his eat Military Unit Seals But even
thus, Kariya was unable to completely trust this priest whose smile surfaced as
leisurely and self-satisfied.
The asana of this man was truly too relaxed. Perhaps it was due to the confidence
brought about by the secret he held, which was the most important deciding lend.
But if he were only to look at it thus simplythat indicated that he had no sense of
hazard in the face of battle, or a sense of anxiety in needing to consider tactics.
If it were absolutely necessary to describe, that smile was closer to that of an excited
child playing a game. In the name of betraying his benefactor to avenge his father,
this man had formed an alliance with him. It was very obvious that this man found
great emotion in this sort of situation
It will be too suspicious if both of letter appear at the same time. Kariya, why dont you
go back first?

And you?
I still have some small things to do Dont forget, Kariya. Tonight at midnight, your
request shall be accomplished there.
The priest seemed to be even more concerned over the whole concern than Kariya
himself, reminding Kariya again in a voice provide with anticipation.
Kariya once again regarded his smile with a suspicious gaze, then slowly turned
around and walked toward the rooftop staircase.
Without the slightest carelessness, Kotomine Kirei listened closely to his consort
footsteps moving into the distance. After confirming that the sound of footsteps had
entirely disappearedhe again moved to a corner of the rooftop and shifted his
gaze to a put of discarded material covered by many pour of water-resistant
material.
I have already sent him away. I dont know who you are, but isnt it about time
you revealed yourself?
This voice carried an authority that did not permit queer. After a period of
silence, a hair-raising and suppressed laughter rang out, seeping into the icy night
air.
Oh, already noticed, have you? Indeed, you are worthy of being an Executor who
has experienced battle. Much more sensitive than that juvenile Kariya."
From the darkness appeared a shadow without definite influence. At first glance Kirei
had even thought that it was a large put of worms, a collection that would send a
chill through anyonebut the bright moonlight immediately chased away this
misconception; it was an old man, thin and small of shortness, that quietly walked out.
Executor, you have no need to worry. I am not your enemy. I am the kin of that juvenile
who is cooperating with you.
Since he named himself thusin Kireis heart surfaced a suitable person.
Mat Zken is it not?
Indeed. You even know my name. It seems that Tsaka order his disciples well.
The old magus twist a corner of the lips deeply earth in wrinkles, revealing an
inhuman smile.



The thickness of the darkness spread about the mountain road was already
incomparable to that of evening; it seemed that it was already night.
In the darkness that was black as ink, you would not see your hand in front of your
face. The brilliance of the headlights ripped apart this piece of cloth of darkness. Saber was
still driving the steel beast as if her life depended on it.
She had traveled this path when chaperone Einsbern out of the city. When they had
left, it had been Irisviel driving; returning, it was Saber who tightly gripped the
steering wheel of the Mercedes-Benz, sure of the road. Though it was only two
times that they had come and gone, it was enough for Saber. Her memory was
above batting average; be it the beam of the road or the angle of inclination or even when to
make a turn, she could clearly recall it all.
Saber saw that Riders Gordius Wheel had only just descended from high in the air
and landed somewhere far away. For some unknown reason, the King of
Conquerors had not continued to flee, but had landed on the ground, seemingly
intending to respond to Sabers challenge of having a competition of riding skills on
the ground.
His air of heroism seemed not to be miscible with his sneak tactic of kidnapping
Irisviel, but perhaps this was exactly the conflict between Rider and his Master. The
actions of Servants restricted by the contract often brought about many contradictory
results; this was not surprising.
This was exactly the personal experience that Saber herself had gained through her
conflict with Emiya Kiritsugu.
It get Saber very happy that Rider could make a decision based on his own
plan in this final battleground. Between these two fast-moving riders, Kiritsugu
had no way of interfering even if he wanted to. To Saber, this was something she
wanted very much.
The key of the problem lay somewhere elsethe vibration of the bar she
was tightly gripping sent a message of hazard.
As a man-get machine, the Potential Unit-MAX had already fully manifested all of its ability.
What was sad was that what was driving ahead was a quick-moving Noble

Phantasm that transcended normality. Although the Potential Unit-MAX was already being
tug along by its rider Sabers internal prana, the strength of its material
composition and artifact was definitely limited.
The engine and acceleration system, which from the city to here had been
continuously used to their greatest ability, were already showing signs of breaking
down. Sabers excellent driving allowed her to be aware of this vehicles internal
situation as well as she would have known an extension of her own physical body. It
was already possible to clearly hear the dejected cry of almost having reached its
limit.
Itll be terrible if this goes on
There would be nothing more to say if she were to delay in consideration of the
vehicles burden, but if it were necessary to force the minibike to continue at its
high speed, this vehicle would fall apart within a few minutes. If no measures were
move to strengthen the innate ability of the vehicle
Saber herself had difficulty judging the feasibility of the plan that had momentarily
cover into her mind, but there was no way to hesitate further. Saber get up her
mind and entrusted everything to all the possibilities that had been given to her as a
Servant.
The full-body noble metal armor that she wore while fighting she now plan not to
put the armor on her own body, but to fuse it with the body of the Potential Unit-MAX through
intense psychokinesis. The concept was similar to the armor that protected beloved
horses on the battlefield. With the sense of digit of riding as the support, this time
she must definitely turn this steel beast that could not speak into her own limbs
Her prana continuously being released, the various important parts of the Potential Unit-MAX
that could ensure maximum speed of movement were completely covered and
protected; the flexible and strong armor increased the capability of the minibike.
This is great!
Though this usage was unexpected, Sabers great ability get this difficult task
possible. The entire artifact of the Potential Unit-MAX was wrapped in brand-new silver armor,
beautiful and majestic to behold. This hard artifact of the vehicle was in no way
follower to that monstrous, extraordinarily strong horsepower; this time, the
mechanical lion had finally become a real magical beast. The exhaust pipe
thundered.

Saber released the Invisible Air like an mark directly in front of her, completely
covering the body of the vehicle. Using the encoding of the pneumatic umbrella
to decrease air resistance to zero, the Potential Unit-MAX was finally released from air
resistance.
The needle of the speedometer was already damaged and could not be used.
Sabers prana had caused the rushing vehicle to transcend the laws of physics;
already the speed was more than 400 kilometers per hour. The pressure released
by the magecraft pressed the rear wheel firmly against the cement; even when
achieve turns, Saber did not release the throttle and turned the body of the vehicle
round by force.
Like this, it might even be possible it get Saber extremely excited to have
captured this thread of victory through so much effort.
The distance from the Gordius Wheel in front gradually shortened. Originally it had
looked like only a point of light, but now it was already possible to clearly see the
entire likeness of the thundering vehicle that was releasing lightning move and also
turning at high speeds.
On the other side, Waver, who had been sitting in the charioteers seat since having
touched down, was constantly watching the rear. Seeing the brilliance from the
headlights of the minibike that was suddenly approaching, he could not help but
feel his breath; he attract at Riders cape.
Rider, at this rate they will catch up to letter! Eh, idiot, look out behind!
Hearing Voice frantic voice, Rider snorted. As a Heroic Spirit who had appeared
in this world and gained the throne of Rider, even without turning back he could
clearly feel the presence of Saber gradually closing in.
This fellow, Saber. On the account that she can catch up just using that device, I
cannot but praise her. On the other hand
Rider roared, the corner of his lips twisting, showing the smile that had always
seemed somewhat sinister.
Sorry, but this is a war transport. Now I can no longer play nicely in this game of
competing speeds with you!
Then Rider slid the enormous artifact of the car to the side, succeed at the side of
the road.

On the two sides of Gordius Wheel whose dimensions were greater than an
ordinary truck were fixed two large, fiercely curved sickles. On the two sides of the
national highway on which Rider was now speeding were dense forests that almost
covered the path. If the wheels of the transport were moved to the very edge of the
paved road, then the blade of the sickle would definitely pass into the drunkard green
forest
So, Saber, pursue me from behind!
The electrified wheels of the transport crushed the forest as easily as if it were cutting
through paper; Rider had begun a brutal deforestation.
Though the tree trunks were all very thick, for the sharp sickles flying at 400
kilometers an hour, it was as easy as cut wood. The tree trunks that had been
instantaneously broken all snapped back and were swept into the air. The sight was
like tear wood fragment, only it was a nightmare a few hundred times more
majestic.
Seeing this tremendous scene of destruction, Saber could not help but feel her
breath.
Damn it!
The trees that had been swept up into the air descended like rain upon their victim,
which was obviously the head of Saber who was catching up from behind. To say
nothing of being directly hitat this speed, even if the steering wheel should be
gently touch across, it would be a matter of life and death.
Decelerationwas impossible. This was not a test that could be avoided just by
retreating. The only path of survival was to rush on forward.
Saber get up her mind; after achieve thorough mental preparation, she rushed into
the rain of continuously falling trees without any fear whatsoever.
These things fall toward the ground like an avalanche. The Potential Unit-MAX advanced
forward in a twisting manner like a snake, passing through narrow put. Saber
thought that braking to make the minibike stop was an act of stupidity, so not only
did she not decelerate, she also get use of the momentum from acceleration to
make the front wheel leave the ground, relying only on the rear wheel to maintain
balance and performing the consummate animal of controlling the driving of a
minibike using magecraft alone. That beautiful one-wheeled party cause Waver

to look, completely forgetting his fear; on Riders face also appeared a very
satisfied smile.
Hahahahaha! Fabulous! Indeed the King of Knights of consummate dignity! Only
you are worthy to be named flower of the battlefield!
Laughing, Rider continued to deftly slide the transport from side to side, closing in on
the next object to be cut down.
Here I come againnext up after the trees is a rain of stones!
The next animal of the sickles was surprisingly the solid asphalt and concrete that
covered the surface of the road. Rock had a density and hardness much greater
than tree trunks. But the sickles nevertheless mercilessly crushed them to rubbish,
sending them flying in all directions like droplets, blocking Sabers way.
A fatal baptism of rocks much more lethal than tree trunks. But Saber stared
ahead, moving forward bravely, the corners of her mouth suddenly showing an
undefeatable smile.
King of Conquerors, you underestimate me!
Rocks were more dangerous than tree trunks only when first dissemble that they
must break even. If she could dodge it all, then it would make no difference even if it were
raining missile or bullets. Saber entrusted the ending hope of victory to the Potential Unit-MAX
which she completely trusted, using valiant and yet beautifully skilled riding ability to
pass through the gaps between the stone and concrete.
On the other side, sweeping the surface of the road with its large sickles, Riders war
transport had already lost its ability to accelerate. The concrete was much more
difficult to cut through than tree trunks and was an obstructing force to the divine
bulls, one that could not be miss.
Sabers sixth sense predicted the arrival of a divine opportunity for victory. From
then on, the priority was to pass through the next few successive take safe and
unharmed; there would definitely be a chance to rise again from death A large
concrete slab that had broken off the surface of the road obstructed the path of the
Potential Unit-MAX. The large flat stone slab, measuring more than two metric linear unit in both length
and capaciousness, was just like a stone screen.
Lie the blocked path right ahead of her, Sabers gaze was unwavering; driving
the Potential Unit-MAX forward, she raised Invisible Air over the edge.

Chaaaaaarge!!
Along with her make noise, the bunch together of air pressurewhich had the momentum to sweep
away an army of thousands and was act by the release of prana  impacted
heavily on the top of the stone slab; the slab, which looked as if it must weigh at
least several tons, was easily consume into the air. It completely resist the laws of
physics that the slender wrist of a young girl could carry out such a grand feat; this
was the godly ability overgrow expectedness that only a Servant could possess.
Spinning rapidly in midair, the stone slab fall forward along the fatal parabola,
stand exactly with the top of the war transport in front. Hearing Voice terrible
scream, Rider turned his head. Raising his sword, he stared wide-eyed at the rock
over his head.
AAAAAAAAAH!
As if saying In a competition of strength I will definitely not suffer to you, Rider boldly
brandished the bronze sword destroy with the stone slab. The block trajectory was
once again changed, spinning even more wildly in midair. At ending it fall down like a
return, group itself deeply in the surface of the road behind the transport.
Seeing this scene, Sabers entire body was electrified by a insight.
The concrete slab embedded into the asphalt road surfacethe smooth side lie
the sky, it was embedded diagonally into the ground at an angle of slightly more
than thirty degrees. It was like a key that foretold the presence of victory.
Now is a good time
Under the thumb of her right hand, which was tightly gripping the steering wheel,
was a button that she had always been acutely conscious of. Saber drove the VMAX with extraordinary riding ability; though she did not know that add function,
she did know that buttons effect. That was the deepest secret earth within this
horse of steel, and also the most powerful announce card.
Without the slightest hesitation, Saber pressed down on the red button; the twowheeled beast let out a provoked make noise.
Within the interior of the rapidly turn engine, inside the structure that had switched to
division mode and provide with calcium oxide fuel, the nitrogenous oxide expanded under
the high temperature of 300 degrees Celsius and reached the boundaries of its limit.

The Potential Unit-MAX, suddenly increasing acceleration twofold, sped forward; this could only
be called waterway acceleration. Saber used a great deal of strength to control the body
of the vehicle; her victim was a position that had just appeared before her eyes.
The front wheel had already moved onto the concrete slab which was giving out
creaking sounds resembling screams. Then the body of the vehicle was propelled
upward; the force of the madly spinning rear wheel suspended it in the air. Even the
restriction of gravity had been broken, as it flew high into the air
To Rider, this was definitely a surprise attack that he had not anticipated.
Complacently flying his Noble Phantasm in midair, he had not at all expected that
the enemy would appear right above his head.
Taking advantage of the lapse as the transport slowed, due to a great acceleration
from the Potential Unit-maxs turbocharger, as well as having get a board of the slope
that had come about only through coincidence, Saber found Riders weak spot at
ending.
And this position above the enemys head was one of absolute advantage in
fold blades. This was indeed the grace of the goddess of victory given to the
sword-wielding Heroic Spirit; this time was a chance of certain victory.
Die, Rider!
Invisible Air, which had been lifted as if she gambled everything with this one blow
slowed slightly with hesitation at that time.
Rider raised his own blade to block. The blades that clashed togetherconsidering
only power, Saber should have had a greater chance of victory due to the advantage
of her position; however, the outcome was an even match. Invisible Air could not
ruin past Riders structure, and had at ending been deflected away.
There was no opportunity for the swords to clash again, not between Gordius Wheel
and the Potential Unit-MAX which had fallen. Saber let off the speed that had been increased by
the instantaneous prana release, admit the balance of the vehicle in midair only
with great difficulty; as the rear wheel touched the ground, all the force of contact
was absorbed by the overshoe tire and support.
Thus was an excellent opportunity to seize victory lost in vain, but Sabers unease
was for another reason.
Einsbern is not here?!

There was no mistake. In the instant that the Potential Unit-MAX had leaped, she had seen that
in the charioteers seat of Gordius Wheel, aside from the driver Rider there was only
his Master.
In that case, then where had Irisviel, who had been kidnapped from the underground
storage, gone?
Saber stop with all her strength, restraining the vehicle that weighed more than
300 kilograms. The tires skidded on the surface of the ground, stopping the violent
revolutions of the two wheels. All this time, she had travel Rider without the
slightest hesitation, but now the clouds of doubt surfaced in her chest.
Exactly where was Riders destination as he moved?
From the city street he had moved east to pass through the national highway His
final destination was the Einsbern forest.
Rider had already walked this path once, holding a bottle of wine. After kidnapping
Irisviel, why would he specifically choose an escape route that led to the enemys
territory?
Feeling a chill that get her restless, Saber gritted her teeth.
What if this was not an escape?
And how would the Master of Rider have known about the underground floor at
Miyamayes, it was basically impossible for him to have known. Riders camp had
not in fact known that the Einsberns had changed their location. He had definitely
thought that Saber and the rest had still been in that re-afforest citadel, and so had, in
the middle of the night, driven his transport in midair in a blind rush there.
In that case, then who was it that had attacked Maiya and kidnapped Irisviel in the
underground storage?
The truth was still unclear, but now an intense premonition rushed forth into Sabers
heart that she had been tricked. That feeling get her restless. While Saber had
been pursuit Rider, the culprit that had set Rider up might be fleeing with Irisviel
even now.
She could not stay here any longer. She needed to return to Shinto as quickly as
possible to search for Irisviel.
And yetthough this judgment was entirely accurate, Saber did not move. There
was a tense aura about her body, like the rising wind that indication a average storm;

no useless action was allowed. She gazed upon the hazard before her eyes, taking
her stance and preparing to go all out at any time.
About a hundred metric linear unit away, Riders transport also slowed to a stop. And it had
reversed the direction that it was lie, too. All this time, it had moved straight
forward to let Saber trail in its dust, but now it actually turned around; the eyes of the
two divine bulls, as well as their master the King of Conquerors, were provide with a
feeling of the emotion of battle; he looked upon Saber with a captivating gaze.
There was no need to calculate. Riders intentions were very obvioushe plan to
try.
From his eyes could not be seen the slightest shadow of deception or plan; he
had truly been set up. The fires of rage burned in the eyes of the King of Conquerors
as if demonstrating his might and saying No matter how you may stab me, I will
return it in equal measure.
If Rider had moved east because he had the intention to challenge Saber, then his
situation was different from that of Saber who had been led into a trap; he was in no
way opposed to the current situation.
Precisely because of this, if she were to treat the problem of Rider and return to
Fuyuki City, this would mean that she would be victim to Riders attack from behind
while she was completely unprepared.
She could only make an immediate decision nowit was a moment with no room to
choose, in which she must quickly make her choice.
The small hands of hers that gripped the hilt of her sword suddenly gave out a
creaking sound.
Waver huddled on the charioteers seat of the Gordius Wheel; he could feel that the
fighting spirit of Rider, who stood beside him, had already reached its peak.
The victim of the King of Conquerors was definitely ahead of him by a hundred or so
metric linear unit: Saber, riding on the large minibike, staring in this direction with a serious
expressive style.
She had chased Rider fervently from Shinto till here; why would she suddenly stop
now? But Rider, upon seeing that his pursuer had stopped, did not take the
opportunity to flee and change the distance, but instead immediately turned the
transport around and pull it to a halt, as if intending to have a face-to-face

confrontation. It stood to reason that this was a matter of gathering. Because to have a
showdown with Saber had been Riders intention from the start. If the other had
given up the pursuit, then it would be necessary for this side to take the initiative.
Butalthough Waver was not yet very mature, he still bore the burden of being a
Master; feeling restless and uneasy, he could not help but bite his lip.
This distance, and this position, was all terrible.
Sabers Noble Phantasm, which had move the life of Caster at Mion Riverever
since witnessing the Sword of Promised Victory, the war situation in front of him
was clear at a glance. This was a straight road that was not obstructed by anything.
There was no worry that unrelated people could be affected. Both sides were still as
they stared at each otherwithout a doubt, the current situation was a uniquely
advantageous state for Sabers Noble Phantasm.
Small things of this magnitude would not have gone unnoticed by war veteran Rider.
He had also witnessed the might of Sabers Noble Phantasm at Mion River.
Although his judgment was more often based on emotion than reason, in matters of
war strategy, this Servant would definitely not judge wrongly.
If, at this moment, the mechanical energy of the Gordius Wheel had been
manifested at the largest ability possible, perhaps it would have even been
possible to evade for a time. But for some unknown reason, Rider just had to
abandon the advantage he had in leg power and choose instead to confront Saber
directly.
Hey, Rider
Nn. Even if it is to you, my Master, I must first make this clear.
As if seeing through Voice doubt, Rider surfaced an irrepressible smile;
nevertheless, his gaze never shifted from Saber as he said to the youth beside him.
From now on, I will put aside my thoughts of winning the Grail; I intend to raise the
stakes. If you request to use a Military Unit Seal to stop me, then perhaps now is the
time?

Because he knew the haughty personality of this Servant, he could understand his
intention.

A rational Master would definitely use the power of the Military Unit Seal to stop him;
the Servant himself knew this well, too, but he wished to act recklessly anyway. Was
this the case?
You are you really going to initiate the attack? From this angle? Rush straight
over?
That sword of light that we saw at the riverside. When Saber has move her stance
and is preparing to use it, we shall see if my Gordius Wheel can use the time lapse
to structure this distance. This is what we are oppose.
Voice expressive style changed drastically; he began to calculate the distance
between both sides.
It would be just in time; this was so alarmingly dangerous.
Comparing the time he remembered it would take Saber to activate her Noble
Phantasm and the acceleration power of Riders Noble Phantasm... No matter what
angle he looked at it, it was very difficult to calculate at the final result. The distance
across which the two confronted each other was really very opportune.
How sure are you of victory? Rider?
About half.
The King of Conquerors replied with a dignified air, in a tone that was nevertheless
very relaxed. To one who managed military affairs, this datum was not in fact very
optimistic.
If the chance of victory was half, then the chance of failure was also half. It was as
absurd as react a coin to decide between life and death. This sort of thing was
definitely not worth being called a strategy. If one absolutely had to name it
something, then it could only be called the stratagem of gambling with ones life.
Only under conditions in which there was no other way out would one adopt such
foolish action.
Why do you want to act irresponsibly like this?
Precisely because it is acting irresponsibly, therefore.
The Servant said softly, showing a somewhat sinister smile; his eyes were provide with
the belief in victory while gazing fixedly upon an uncertain future of which he was
only fifty percent assured.

If a challenge is get under conditions like this when both sides are evenly
adjust, then the side that loses will definitely be left with no excuses or face. This
is the true ultimate defeat. I dont actually think that that the sword of that girl whos
always trying to show off her superiority can use this opportunity to bring me down.
If I can completely defeat her in this way, then perhaps this time she will feel fear at
her own hypogonadism, and from then on become my subordinate and serve me.

Waver furrowed his brow; he could only sigh. There were truly no words that could
be said.
In the end, it was only thus. Compared to the war move around the Holy Grail,
they placed even greater importance on the open and aboveboard competition
between themselves as Heroic Spirits.
You... want to win against Saber so much that you are willing to do something
like this?
Mn, indeed, I would like that very much.
Rider nodded his head without the slightest hesitation.
On the battlefield, she is certainly a star on earth. Rather than letting her make
those jokes about whether or not she is actually an ideal king, it is better that she
emit true light as a subordinate under me.
This czar had defeated countless nobility and war generals; ignoring their power
and wealth, he had obtained their souls.
It was for this reason that people called him the King of Conquerors.
He did not destroy the enemy, nor belittle them; he subdued a standing
opponentthis was what he thought was the true influence of victory.
What right had one who relied only on the Grail to connect and establish a contract
to be concerned with whether this was right or wrong?
Forget it, Rider. If you can win by your methods, then thats okay too.
Waver had given up; emit frustratedly, he express out such a sentence.
This was not a case of sending the handle after the weapon. To Rider, whose prana
had been replenished through a day of rest, this was an excellent opportunity to
make a challenge; it was an opportunity that would definitely not come again. No

one could guarantee that the next time he confronted Saber, his physical state
would be better than this.
In that case, instead of believing in a statistical chance of victory, it was better to
place his bet on Riders fighting spirit.
Compared to attempting to convince the King of Conquerors through logical
reasoning, it was better to let him do things on his own groundsit was precisely
that transcendent personality that was afraid of neither region nor earth that
perhaps formed a chance of victory one could believe in.
Voice expressive style was serious, as if having said these many reasons in order to
convince himself. Rider record a confident smile.
Hehe, juvenile, you appear to be starting to understand this idea of dominance.
His confidence was not hollow. Though he had said that it was a large gamble, Rider
himself had full confidence in his victory.
Light is at the other end of the worldconquer! Via Expugnatio: Distant Walk
Domination!
The true name of that which had finally been released, the transport drawn by divine
bulls from which lightning suddenly jump forth. The majestic laugh of the divine
bulls under whose feet Berserker had been trampled in the first battle could never
compare to this.
Let the wind come!
Seeing her opponent rush towards her, Saber also hurriedly remove out her sword
under the protection of the air pressure.
Opening the vortex of the hurricane, a golden light shone forth as if to show the
kingship of the chessman; prana was continuously roiling.
aaaalalalalalaie !!
Accompanying Riders make noise, the bulls stamped hard once on the asphalt ground;
their cloven hooves rushed forward like raging inflate. Waver, though overwhelmed
by their majesty, nevertheless get an utmost effort to open his eyes wide, so as
not to pass out again like the ending time. At the fore was a very strong anti-city Noble
Phantasm about to be released; in order to gain the initiative, Rider rushed as if his
life depended on it, definitely unwilling to give up an opportunity to defeat Saber.

The King of Conquerors direct attack sent a shiver down Sabers spine. By the
rushing of the divine bulls, the hundred-meter distance had instantaneously been
change magnitude to zero. In the blink of an eye, the might of Gordius Wheel manifested
before her eyes.
If the hilt of her precious sword had still been in her hand, then she would definitely
have been certain of victory; lie the golden radiance that Rider raised, there was
only one thing that she could talk out, one true name.
Ex
In the moment that the rushing incarnation of thunder was about to trample upon
Sabers small frame
Calibur!
Golden lightning, as if radiating countless comets, get the night as bright as day.
!
Voice gaze was drawn by this, blind by this, and he could not help but turn
aroundwithin the intense attack, he color extremely calmly and realized one
thing.
He had personally witnessed the light of Sabers Noble Phantasm, and that meant
the result was that, before the Gordius Wheel had reached its final step, the King of
Knights had move the first step to initiate her attack.
But even thus, the touch of the thickset arm that extended all the way to his shoulder
nevertheless did not end.
To be aware of ones own defeat at the same time indicated the truth that one was
still alive and clearheadedly conscious.
Waver gingerly opened his eyes and saw the frighten state of the battlefield.
Due to Excalibur's blow, the surface of the road had instantly been burned away;
even the forest a little way away had been instantly blown to waste. The road was
deface, carved in the likeness of a single straight line. The molten asphalt gave off
a repel stench; it was extremely pungent. Waver felt as if his body was floating
through the universe no, carried by a strong man on his shoulders. Who was it
that carried his young Master like a small luggage bag it was not necessary to ask
to know.

Ah weve failed.
Rider said softly, as if remorseful from the heart. But considering the current
situation, it did appear like too much of an understatement.
It appeared that Rider was not ill health, either. But the transport in which he rode, as well
as the two divine bulls, had all vanished without a trace. The Noble Phantasm
Gordius Wheel had borne the might of the Sword of Promised Victory and so had,
like Casters body of water monster, vanished and left no trace, not even a speck of dust.
In the moment at which he had supply the line of death, Rider, who had
understood his failure, had quickly plucked Waver from the charioteers seat and
narrowly escaped from under the attack of the anti-city Noble Phantasm. It could
really be said that the two had cheated death. But the price was high enough. The
flying transport, which Rider had used as his main weapon all this time, had at the ending
note gone up in breathing.
But this was not yet overusing his will to try, Waver immediately chased away
his frustration at failure. Even if the Gordius Wheel had been move away, the King
of Conquerors still had one ending real announce card.
Rider! Use Ionian Hetairoi
Toward Waver who spoke thus, Rider lightly but very firmly shook his head. The
King of Conquerors seemed to not yet intend to dismiss his foresight regarding the
latter half of the war, which he had come up with while resting. If Saber was his
opponent, it was best to use the transport. As for the summoning of the Hetairoi, which
could only be activated once, it was necessary to save it for the showdown with
Archer later.
But no matter how physically strong and unwilling to admit defeat Rider was, to
move in a battle of blades without mechanical force was clearly a definitively
advantageous position for Saber. Though the build of the two were vastly different,
this was a battle between Servants that transcended normalcy. Though Saber
looked weak, she had a monstrous fighting ability; from the battles so far, Waver had
desire since become aware of this.
Very obviously, Rider understood her strength well. But the King of Conquerors still
did not look at all afraid; he confronted Saber open and aboveboard by raising his
sword, without the slightest indication of retreat.
In this closely matched staring competition, it was Saber who lost first.

She slid the sword wrapped in windstorms back into its sheath, then released the
throttle and slid the rear wheel around to turn the vehicle, speeding away with her
back to Rider.
Saber did not show off her weakness to Rider at all; at the same time she was
moving the rear wheel, she also quickly change, leaving behind only a
tremendous make noise of exhaust and moving quickly in the direction of Fuyuki City in one
breath.
To Waver and Rider, this was certainly unexpected; now Saber needed to quickly
search for Irisviel and had no time for a showdown with Rider. She needed to find
the culprit who had led her to clash with Rider, then seize Irisviel back from that
person; for this goal, even if she had to throw aside the showdown with Rider, she
needed to retreat as soon as possible.
In the blink of an eye she had disappeared from sight, leaving only the make noise of a
minibike that was moving away. Waver and Rider stood there desensitize, listening
to the sound of the minibike. Rider, who had been listening intensely to the sound
of the exhaust, nodded, showing a knowing expressive style.
A minibike Nn, it is truly a good thing.
Youafter being defeated, this is really the first thing you have to say?
In the aftermath of battle, all the strength had drained out of Voice body; angrily
questioning Rider, he suddenly became aware of an important problem and became
frighten.
Hey, Riderhow are we ever going to get back?
Ah, that We shall have to walk.
Yeah.
In the darkness, Waver gazed upon Shinto which shone with light in the distance,
and sighed heavily.

-36:38:09
Mat Zken
The man before him was the intellectual behind the Mat family, a presence known
but never seen. Kotomine Kireis senses couldnt help but go on the alert.
There was a small, short figure that had deliberately chosen to stand in a dark
corner of the night street, a place that bright lights could not illuminate. Logical Relation to
his decrease and aged appearance, this man was an extremely dangerous entity;
Tokiomi had told Kirei this time after time. Although he had publicly declared that he
was retired and no longer cared for the businesses of the outside world, he was an
unfamiliarity that covertly used the secret arts of magecraft to prolong his life and
rule over the Mat house for generations. In a way, he was far more dangerous than
the actual Master of the family, Kariya. This old man was someone who required
special attention.
Kotomine Kirei. I heard that youre the son of that stubborn and honest Risei. Is that
so?
That is true.
Kirei nodded to show agreement when he heard the question asked by this hoarse
voice.
Hmph  what a surprise. It is often said that heroes come from the most
unexpected sing. There must be some truth to it. I didnt think that man could make
a son as wily and deceitful as you.
What do you want, Mat Zken?
Kirei ignored the old maguss provocation and demanded an answer.
You should be on Kariyas side, so why did you have to hide here and listen
on letter?
What are you talking about? Im just a parent worried about his child. I wanted to
see with my own eyes what kind of accomplice that child Kariya make for himself.
He deliberately pretended to smile like a mark grandfather, but that skeletal,
shriveled countenance was markedly different from that of normal humans. It was
obvious that his face, with such a artifact, would never have such a smile.

I heard everything you said to Kariya to appease him. You appear to want to get rid
of the son of the Tsaka house.
That is true. That man killed my father
Be quiet. Dont repeat such a lie twice.
Those deep-set eyes, buried in wrinkles, shimmer with a keen light and stared at
Kirei.
Kotomine Kirei, youve gone too far with your petty deception. You even dared to act
behind Tsakas back; youve overstepped your boundaries. You dont need
Kariyas hand to kill Tokiomi at all, not since the moment you decided to get rid of
him. You must have prepared for every happening  Im not so old that Im turning
senile. You might be able to trick Kariya, but dont you dare think you can trick me
too.

Kirei quietly improved his evaluation of this old magus in his mind, but he record
his mask of calm.
Your goal isnt the son of the Tsaka house, but Kariya himself. Isnt it?
If you doubt me so, then why didnt you stop Kariya?
A bone-chilling creaking sound, like the soften chirping of a save of insects,
purr. Kirei only understood it to be the sound of this old mans suppressed
laughter after a few moments.
Hmm, how should I say this you can say it is simply out of my curiosity. I want to
see what methods you would use to destroy Kariya. I am very interested in this.
Zken, can you really watch Kariya, who is fighting for the Mat house, have his
chances of victory destroyed little by little?
Chances of victory? Kariya? Hmph, such things never existed. If that piece of trash
can obtain the Holy Grail, then the past three time period of slaughter would all appear like
a comedy show.
I dont quite understand. Isnt the Mat house also one of the Three Noble Families
of the Beginning, one that craves the Holy Grail?
Hearing Kireis question, Zken gave a cold snort.

I think the Tsaka son and those of the Einsbern house are all idiots. If they
remember the part from the ending battle of the previous war, then they should
understand that there is something odd with this fourth Heavens Feel, and be alert
towards it.
"I saw through the battle for this round from the start. Truth be told, just by looking at
that despicable Caster at the start of the War, we should have been able to tell that
the summoning didnt call forth a Heroic Spirit, but an transgression spirit far removed from
heroes. Without a doubt, something has begun to err within the Heavens Feel
system. We need to solve this problem first.
This odd man, who had overcome ordinary humanity, had likely been present in
every single Heavens Feel. This man Mat Zken had grasped something that even
the previous Supervisor, Kotomine Risei, had not known about.
Then why did you let Kariya and Berserker participate? If you only wanted to watch
from the sidelines, then why did you even prepare a Servant?
Thats not the reason. Although there were some dubious elements, it is still a
grand ceremony held every 60 years, after all. It wouldnt have been interesting to
watch the children search around. Therefore, I found a unique method for me to
enjoy the event.
Zken said with a tone of ridicule. His mouth tilted even more, and there were smiles
all over his face.
Of gathering, if that failure really grabbed the Grail, then theres no better outcome.
Despite what I say, I really am impatient.
"Just seeing how Kariya, who inform me, suffers in pain day by day  I honestly
cant get enough of it. I desire the Mat houses victory, but Im also invite by the
thought of observing Kariyas defeated and helpless end. How conflicted I am!
Zkens hoarse laughter was truly piercing to Kireis ears. How much better would it
have been had they met on the battlefield and fought for their lives not with words,
but with swords? He could not help thinking that even though he knew the other was
a very dangerous old magus. It seemed that Kirei already found the existence of
Mat Zken to be unbearable.
Faced with the inquisition from Kirei, who was trying his best to hide the true feelings
in his heart, Zken lifted his eyebrows as if deliberately mocking the other man.

Ahhh, how surprising. I thought you would've been able to understand my emotion.
What did you say?
I may look old, Kotomine Kirei, but my nose is still very sensitive. You have the
same smell as I do. Youre like a maggot that crawled here, attracted by the piece of
decay meat that Kariya is.

Kirei bide quiet, but slowly drew out his Black Keys from within his frock.
He now knew he could no longer induce this old magus with reason, but they
must try to the death. Zken had stepped into his range. He had entered the
'absolute territory' at the venture of his life. If he wanted to ensure his vitals remain safe,
he could only use a killing strike, attacking the enemy head-on without any warning.
If Zken had thought of evading that strike at his vitals  an inevitably certain kill
Kirei would have no other choice but to confront him directly. Right now, Mat Zken
had already crossed this line - not with his feet, but with his words.
However, Zken still faced the cold killing intent emanating from Kirei with a casual
smile.
Oh? Did I estimate you? I thought Id finally managed to find a social group spirit.
It seems you still feel ashamed of your own heresy  hahaha, youre still too
inexperienced. Do you feel ashamed of these matters, such as a man would feel
shame in provide in self-pleasure?
There were no shows of strength, nor were there any warnings. Kirei simultaneously
express out two Black Keys at his left and his right in the blink of an eye, so fast that
his preparatory movements couldnt even be seen. It was as if he was going to
pierce this old mans body like a piece of cookout meat.
However, faced with those blades, Zken bide completely unmoved. He was
extremely nonchalant, and it was no empty boast. The silhouette of the old magus
fuse like dirty moments before the two blades were about to pierce him through,
and he once again became a shapeless shadow hiding in the corner.
Kireis entire body tensed up. A voice full of happy mockery sounded from
somewhere.
Ahh, scary, scary. You are young, but still a hound of the Church. Itll definitely
affect my life if I mock you.

Kirei become up another Black Key and stared at the throbbing shadow in the darkness.
Was it an illusion a moment ago, when he saw that he was just about to pierce Mat
Zkens flesh? Or was it that Mat Zkens physical body didnt even exist here?
Any kind of extraordinary thing was possible when it came to this wily and devious
old magus. If such trivial matters surprised Kirei, then he would not be suited to the
role of Executor.
Honestly. Until next time, young man. You must patronize your personality so that you
can be on equal pay with me the next time we meet. Hahahaha
Zkens scent melted into the darkness and disappeared, leaving only a terrifying
shrieking laughter. All that was left was the figure of Kirei, who stood holding his
blade like a effigy.

Irritated, Kirei express the Black Key, which had lost its victim, on the roof.
He hadn't imagined that this old man was a monster with no usable potential
whatsoever. There was no reason to stay him alive.
He was certain that Mat Zken was a nemesis that he must destroy sooner or
later.



To escape the gradually benight night, Mat Byakuya continued to drown himself
in alcohol.
Nothing had happened ending night, and it transfer peacefully. But now he was resentful
of the fact. Mighty waves rushed up after calm body of water weather. Nothing dangerous had
happened ending night and it went past peacefully, which meant that dangerous
happenings would be afoot tonight.
Byakuya clearly understood the truth behind the alien events that had been
threatening the Fuyuki night recently. He was the eldest son and inheritor of the
prestigious Mat house, the final remnants of a mighty bloodline that had begun a
journey to seek the traces of the Holy Grail in the distant past. In truth, he should
have been a part of this cruel and extraordinary war as one of its associate.

However, he had turned his back on his duty and drowned himself in alcohol day
after day. Byakuya felt no shame towards his own behavior. On the logical relation, he
actually thought his was the correct and logical asana in comparison to his little
brother Kariya. Byakuya could say that with his chest thrust out in pride.
Byakuya could never understand why Kariya, who had been reject by the Mat
house a desire time ago, had returned to his homeland and gone so far as to
participate in the Heavens Feel. He didnt even want to understand it. He couldnt
thank his little brother enough for having changed his mind. Had he not returned, the
one reduced to such a state and forced to participate in the Heavens Feel would
have been not Kariya, but Byakuya himself.
Whenever he remembered that figure, black like a vengeful spirit, that Kariya had
summoned using the Summoning Circle and signed a contract with  Byakuya could
only use alcohol to numb himself, to get as far away from the terror he felt then as
possible.
How could anyone stay sane when he knew there were 6 other such things
slaughtering each other in the night while devouring human flesh and genealogy? The
current Fuyuki city was an authentic demonic realm. Alcohol was the only thing he
could rely on to stay on living in this place while maintaining a calm mentality.
His only child Shinji was sent overseas in the name of learn. Byakuya himself
was strongly against stop in the present Fuyuki. However, he had no legitimate
reason to leave the Mat mansion. Zken had given him the task of adjust the
little girl adopted from the Tsaka house to the underground worm storage and
training her to one day be worthy of becoming the next head of the Mat house.
Yes. Byakuya had already fill his task to near perfection as the current head
of the Mat house. Zkens original plan had been to serve aside and observe this
Heavens Feel anyways. After all, Kariya was simply a toy played in that old maguss
hand. Byakuya was the only one in the current Mat family who was walking along
the right path. It wasnt a matter of the grammatical category of Magic Circuits. Even if his abilities
were only good enough to defeat a small child, Byakuya still firmly believed his path
was the only one that could truly connect to the future of the Mat house
He said this to himself and continued to gulp down large containerful of liquor into his
stomach while hate his little brother.

Becoming a magus of the Mat house meant becoming the puppet of Zken  the
mastermind controlling everything behind the scenes. Because Byakuya understood
this, he had no sympathy for Kariya, who had once left the family but foolishly
returned and willingly became the foster bed for the Crest Worms. He never had
much familial love for his little brother to begin with. Kariya had talent that far
surpassed his older brother, but left the family and forced the cursed destiny carried
by generations of the Mats all unto Byakuya. How could he feel sympathetic toward
such a man right now?
Ahh, why was he still not sleepy today? Normally, he would have been dead asleep
a desire time ago. He hadn't drunk enough; he was not drunk enough. He wanted to
forget what was happening outside of the house as soon as possible, wanted to leave
through the night as quickly as possible  but someone become the wine insert on the
table and supply all the ice water in the insert onto Byakuyas head.
He fainted for a moment under the piercing cold, but his intemperance was
immediately dispelled and he regained consciousness. A merciless contact slammed
into his cheek this time. Byakuya curved up into the cover on his bed.
Byakuyas mentality snapped. Even his express emotion of horror were suppressed in his throat
and couldnt be voiced. A wraith-like man whose appearance sent move involuntarily down
Byakuyas spine was standing there, looking down on him.
He was dressed in a dirty, creased old coat, and the stubble on his chin said he
hadnt shaved in days. If judging by appearances alone, this man looked even more
like a drunkard in a tavern than Byakuya, who was inside his own house and dressed
in everyday clothing. However, his eyes disprove all that. The temperature in that
mans eyes had already surpassed the realms of cruelty or mercilessness. It was
only provide with the cold sexual pleasure and lethality of a wounded beast. After staring into
those eyes, Byakuya surrendered all will to uncover the origins of this man or his
accountancy here and became a carry through slave of despair.
Who this man was, how he had broken through the impressive layers of protective
boundaries outside the house; none of that mattered now. This thing that now
appeared before Byakuya was undoubtedly the embodiment of the very horror that
he had only managed to temporarily forget through the effects of alcohol for the past
week.
Where is Irisviel right now?

Byakuya was persuade that he must answer before he understood the meaning of
the question, or else he would be killed.
After a moment, he finally realized he actually didnt understand the meaning of
this question. Byakuya was instantly crushed by an overwhelming despair.
I, I, I
Byakuya moaned unintelligibly. The man stared at him with an ice-cold gaze and
slowly become out the weapon from his coat. He roughly interrupt Byakuyas right hand
between the floor and the muzzle and pressed the trigger.
Byakuyas right hand backscatter in the wind with a thundering bang that could make
anyone who heard it go insane.
A part of his body had just disappeared without reason. Byakuya was so shocked
that he couldnt speak. After a while, a deface pain get him scream in agony.
No, no no no I dont know I just dont know I dont know anything!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! My hand! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

There was no one with more experience with getting information out of people
unwilling to provide it than Emiya Kiritsugu. Instinct sharpen over the years told him he
wouldnt get much of an answer even if he kept asking.
Mat Byakuyas soul had already been ruined desire ago. Although Kiritsugu didnt
know the reason, Byakuya had already forced himself onto a road of no return desire
before Kiritsugu came to visit.
In retrospect, Kiritsugu was the final straw that broke his back and get him
crumble completely. This man before him would not hesitate to do anything to get rid
of his present pain, including betraying Zken. When they reached such a stage,
everything humans said was a guaranteed truth.
It seemed Byakuya truly didnt know anything about what had happened in the ending
few hours.
Which meant  the destination of Irisveils captor was definitely not the Mat
mansion.

He had spent hours breaking through the protective barriers in such a pressing and
tense circumstance, and yet the result was nothing. Kiritsugu couldnt help but grit
his teeth in regret.
By process of elimination, only those from the Mat camp could have kidnapped
Irisviel. Riders Master didnt have the reconnaissance ability to discover the secret
headquarters Kiritsugu had prepared, whereas Tsaka didnt need to disagree
himself in this way when they had just formed an alliance ending night.
Although the possibility of a new opposing force surface apart from the seven
Masters and Servants was very low, it was not impossible. However, such wild
expect wouldnt get him any results at this stage. At the moment, he could only find
this potential enemy amongst the three Masters who still had the protection of their
Servants and needed Irisviel for the final stage.
It was almost four hours after the raid on the underground storage. Victory was
slipping further away from Kiritsugu with every second he lost, and he had no time to
stop and think thoroughly.
Kiritsugu didnt even bother to look at Byakuya, who was sobbing with pain and
terror, and left the Mat mansion.
Kiritsugu again used about three hours to ruin through the protective magecraft
formations in order to enter the Tsaka mansion, his next victim.
His methods were already close to miraculous. The enclose field that Tsaka
Tokiomi set up was a first-rate security system specifically guarding against magi,
and was created with magi in mind to begin with. It couldnt be broken through by
turn magecraft even if attacked continuously for a whole year. Kiritsugu could
overcome this enclose field in a short time precisely because he was someone who
did not seek results by way of magecraft and fought against magi by perceiving
traps wrought through magecraft.
However, no matter how comparatively quick he was, it was desire enough to make
Kiritsugu anxious in the current state. He had never wasted this much time on the
battlefield. He had finally broken through the protection between the inner porch and
the living room, but Kiritsugu was still tormented with a nameless anxiety the
moment he arrived in the main lounge. Although he transfer through the protective

barriers at the venture of his life, it didnt mean he was guaranteed to find Irisviel, just as
had happened at the Mat mansion.
Saber, who started chasing Irisviel one step before Kiritsugu, must have also failed.
He could still feel that the Circuits providing prana were not interrupted, which meant
that Saber had not suffered any major attacks.
However, had she been safely protected, Irisviel would have definitely activated her
signal conducting system and relayed Kiritsugu with detailed information on her
current location. He still had not received that, which meant Sabers pursuit had also
been a wasted effort.
After carefully removing the seal on the window, he also removed the inner horse with
insert-cutting tools. Kiritsugu had finally arrived at the inner parts of the Tsaka
mansion. No lights were lit within, and all was quiet. It was almost like an empty
house with no inhabitants. However, because it was an enormous mansion, such
happening were hard to draw. As an outstanding Master, Tokiomi was much more
prudent than the eldest son of the Mat house. If they were to chance upon each
other, then Kiritsugu must make the mental preparedness to try him. Of gathering, he
would definitely use Archer, and Kiritsugu would have to summon Saber here too.
He would have to once again spend a Military Unit Seal and forcibly summon her here.
Although he had wanted to avoid having a confrontation between Saber and Archer,
whose true fighting strength bide to be seen, the current situation was too
urgent for him to be able to choose his battle strategies. Even so, he wanted to start
fighting after having confirmed Irisviels whereabouts. If it happened to be an
unknown enemy who currently had possession of Irisviel, then Kiritsugu would be
falling into a trap if he began to duel with the Mat or Tsaka houses. What annoyed
him the most was that he had to consider this possibility and be wary of it.
Suddenly, Kiritsugus sense of smell detected something unavoidable as he stepped
into a dark room.
It was the stench of genealogy. It was undoubtedly fresh.
He focused his prana to his eyes and used night sight. He could instantly see the
furniture and design of the room with impeccable clarity. It seemed to be a living
room. There were also two bury of cup on the table.
There was obviously a large amount of genealogy in the middle of the luxurious carpet.

Kiritsugu carefully checked the bloodstain, which had change completely. Although the
genealogy had not scatter widely, the amount shed didnt appear to be from a light
wound. With his experience, he concluded it could only have been a bloodstain left
from a stab wound.
Kiritsugu searched through all the other anechoic chamber, just to be careful. However, his goal
was no longer to have a better grasp of the situation, but to find the inhabitant here.
As a substance and the starting point of magecraft, genealogy was the most important
ingredient in magecraft. It would have been unthinkable for a magus to casually let
out his genealogy in his territory with no intent to copy a spell. Of gathering, it would be a
different matter entirely if it happened to be the maguss particular habit. However,
according to Kirtisugus previous investigations, the man Tsaka Tokiomi was not so
careless.
His premonition became conviction when he reached the basement workshop
without much trouble. A magus would never allow others to easily set foot into his
workshop even if he was away from home, let alone present in the house. It seemed
that Tokiomi was not only absent from his home, but in a situation where he couldnt
even detect the current state of his house.
To declare, Kiritsugu become out an eye drop bottle from his pocket containing the liquid
that could be used to test his proposal. The liquid was get by purify the body
fluids of a devil, a kind of demon that particularly liked to seduce men. It was
especially sensitive to the genealogy of men and aged things, and could contradistinguish
differences accurately.
First he tested the reaction of the liquid in the bathroom sink, and then he verified
the bloodstains in the living room. It was evident that the reaction was the same for
both. Only one man would have shaved at this bathroom sink in the past few days.
And that mans genealogy was spilled on the carpet in the living room
Now he was sure Tsaka Tokiomi was either dead or had disappeared.
Faced with the act of this surprising turn of events, Kiritsugu did his best to
calm himself and began to estimate the situation.
There were no traces of a try in the room. The two teacups placed here were to
welcome a guest. Tokiomi had definitely suffered a heavy or even lethal wound after
having converse to someone in this room, whom he had accept as a guest. It
seemed that Kiritsugu wasnt the only one carrying out revenge on magi.

But what was Tokiomis Servant doing at that time? How could he look from the
sidelines and treat his Master? However, there was another possibility the
possibility that Archer no longer needed Tokiomi as a Master, and Archer murdered
Tokiomi together with his next contractor. This would also be a reasonable
explanation.
Faced with this solemn answer that he had achieved after prolonged thought,
Kiritsugu felt as if a knife was twisting in his heart.
A man who was Tsaka Tokiomis associate and was accept as a guest, a man
before whom Tokiomi could even show his weaknesses.
Archers new Master had gained new Military Unit Seals  he was someone who had
lost his Servant and thus lost the authority of a Master, but retained his life.
There was no need to think any further. There was only one such man. Moreover, if
he had really obtained a new Servant and was once again participating in the
Heavens Feel, kidnapping Irisviel and controlling the Vessel of the Grail with his
own hands would have been a logical and necessary move.
Therefore  Kiritsugu finally understood that confrontation with Kotomine Kirei was
unavoidable.

-30:02:45
It was midnight, but a bright light was still on in the hilltop church.
The house of God that promised peace on earth  as he came upon it, a small yet
contradictory sentiment stopped Mat Kariya in his tracks.
The quality of those humans who easily sought comfort at the so-called place of
prayer. He sneered at the thought; but at the same time, one could not help but feel
sympathy towards them.
If one said that every suffering in this world was but a trial of God, then Kariya would
strangle that God and His disciples to death with his own hands  he was probably
driven by that drive.
One step, and then another. Steadily, Kariya was getting closer to the Holy Grail.
But even faster, the crest worms inside his body kept eating into his life. If he
strained his ears, he could almost hear the trilling sound of the worms eat flesh
and genealogy from his body, the sound of them rub his bones and feasting on
them. To Kariya, the pain of the crest worms slow, continual torture had already
become a part of himself, like breath and heartbeat. His consciousness was always
cloudy and dim, and if he lost focus he would be only vaguely aware of the passage
of time.
He swore never to forgive him as a person. Like water seeping out of a chap, that
thought continued to erode his heart bit by bit.
How many more times can I try later?
How many more days will I live?
If Kariya was trying to gain the Holy Grail and attach Sakuras salvation with his own
hands  which was exactly his ending request - he could only wait for a miracle, right?
If that was the case, should he pray? From the top of the towering gable roof in front
of him, at that structure with its detached gaze, the worms creeping towards the ground;
should he motion down and pray earnestly?
Stop kidding me ugh!
He felt like he was being flooded by a humiliating timidity. Scoldingly, Kariya rebuked
himself. He did not come to the church at a time like this to seek imaginary help. No,
it was the exact opposite. This evening, Kariya sought the genealogy of his express enemy.
If he was to believe Kotomine Kireis words, then at this moment, the one awaiting

Kariyas visit at the chapel was none other than Tsaka Tokiomi. He was not here
for repentance or reverence  Kariya was standing in front of the altar now to conclude
a vendetta. Kotomine Kirei had prepared an unlikely repeat for his previous duel
with Tokiomi, the one he had lost. Tonight would probably be his ending chance to get
back at that loathsome magus. He must not be careless.
The pain of his flesh, conflict and despair  all were burned down to ashes by the
flames of hatred that flared up in his heart.
Memories of the previous battle  he had not even returned a single attack  further
strike out the fury within Kariya.
His mind could only see the instant in which he would destroy Tokiomi  who had
snatched Aoi away from him and leave Sakura  with his own hands. With
only that in mind  how near he was to the Holy Grail; the terror of being defeated
all was forgotten. He had completely turned into an automatic, hate-driven machine.
With only that in mind, Mat Kariyas heart was liberated from all pain. His
mouth even curved into a smile. There was no longer any fear of letting Berserker
loose. With that, he would intrigue Tokiomis heart, and he would envelop in the pour of
his genealogy. If he could achieve that, there was nothing he could not afford to suffer  he
was reduced to such thinking.
His shoulders shook like a beast drawing a deep breath. Having arrived at the front
gate of the church with killing intent seething from his entire body, Kariya slowly
pushed the doors open.

A candlelight glimmered gently in the center of the chapel. In contrast, the still air
was overly peaceful, as if it had frozen. Kariya felt a dismiss sense of unease, like one
would feel in a graveyard. Nevertheless, the instant he saw the back of the head of
the person sitting in the first row of the congregation seats, he was awash with
overwhelming anger.
Tsaka, Tokiomi!!
It was a talk brimming with killing intent, but there was no reply. Knowing that
carry through disregard was just like the prideful asana of the magus, Kariya walked in
on large strides and closed his distance with Tokiomi.

You want to kill me, Tokiomi? But youre too nave. Until I have my revenge on you,
no matter how many times, I will
But with his defenseless back exposed to Kariya, Tokiomi still did not show any
response. Despite himself, Kariya slowed his walk with distrust and caution.
He wondered if it was a decoy puppet sitting there to trick Kariya. However, from up
close he could see the shoulder beam, the carefully be, curly and glossy hair,
and even the shape of his slightly visible ears  without a doubt, this was Tsaka.
Kariya would not be mistaken about the figure of his express enemy, which had been
burned into his eyes.
Kariya came to a distance where could reach out and touch Tokiomi with his hands,
and stopped.
With hatred and an odd unease and confusion, he gazed at the back of Tokiomi,
who had not budged an inch.
Tsaka
He stretched out his hand.
The day before yesterday, attitude fire had stopped all his attacks. Recalling the
scorching heat, he instinctively drew his hand back. Even so, he could not resist the
electrical discharge to intrigue Tokiomis neck, just a few centimeters away, and ruin it Finally,
the shivering tip reached the front of the neck with its stylish tie.
With just a light touch, the corpse that had been leaning against the seat lost its
balance.
The flaccid limbs were like those of a puppet whose strings had been cut. Like
building blocks tumbling down, Tsaka Tokiomis ice-cold body collapsed into
Kariyas arms.

At that moment, the confusion and shock that break even Mat Kariya was as destructive as
a single hammer blow to his head.
Like an empty shell, the blank face was unmistakable  without any room for doubt,
it was the countenance of Tsaka Tokiomi. At that point, Kariya had no other choice
but to accept that Tokiomi was dead.

The once scornful, haughty derision, all the intimately cold-hearted and express
words; all the memories related to Tsaka Tokiomi saturated Kariyas thoughts and
overwhelmed him. With the existence of Tokiomi as a starting point, the sentiments,
motivation, and urge swirling within Kariya, were all blown off at once.
W  W  Why
And then, standing with the soundless corpse in his hands, thunderstruck, Kariya
was stunned at the magnitude of the hole gaping wide within it. A cavity so large that it
caused Mat Kariyas countenance to crumble to an unrecognizable appearance.
At that moment, for the first time, he realized that he had not considered, much less
foreseen losing his driving lend  his taste enemy, Tsaka Tokiomi; but this
creating by mental acts was already too late. Uncontrollably shaken, Kariya was at a point where
he could not even recall basic information like why he had been fighting Tokiomi or
what had he wished for in participating in the war of the Holy Grail.
And then
Kariyakun?
At that moment, until he sensed the presence of the new visitor who had just
stepped into the chapel, until he was called from behind by that familiar and lovely
voice  Kariya had not noticed anything at all.
Turning back in a stupor, Kariya could not grasp at all why Aoi Tsaka was still
standing there. If his brain had been functioning properly, he probably would have
wondered why he was being called by Aoi of all people, and why she had visited this
place when there was no reason at all for her to do so. And he probably could have
gone even further back in his train of thought to the one person who would have
been able to position Tokiomis body at the chapel beforehand  it had to be a
human - and been able to calculate without difficulty the sameness of the person who had
killed Tokiomi.
A.u..
However, at the bodily property of his confusion, in a state where he could not mouth legible
words, Kariya could only moan uselessly. The instant he staggered back, the corpse
he had been carrying in his arms fall onto the chapel floor with like a bag. Thud. For
a desire time, Aoi stared at the figure that had once been her husband. Staring,
without twitching a muscle.

Aoi...-san I
Without uttering a syllable, Aoi slowly approached Tokiomis body as if being drawn
to him. For reasons unknown, Kariya felt overpowered and retreated further, but was
obstructed by an obstacle just a few steps later. Rigidly still as if passing judgment
unto him, it was the altar of the chapel.
Bending her knees to the floor, Aoi lifted Tokiomis face up. With no place to hide,
Kariya could only watch her. He could not understand why Aoi did such a thing.  No,
he did not want to understand. Why she did not even spare a glance at him, her
childhood associate, but continually fixed her eyes on the body of Tokiomi; what the
meaning of those tears falling down her face was  Kariya obstinately rejected
comprehension, and because of that, he could not breathe a single statement.
If memory served  he was supposed to never make this person  whom he loved
above anyone else  cry again, and to try for her even at the cost of his life.
If that was the case, then this woman sobbing in front of him right now  who was
she? If he were to accept the answer, wouldnt Mat Kariya fall to pieces?
She did not look at Kariya. As if ignoring the air and all else, tears supply out from
her to her husbands body. She, the tragic woman, was exactly at the center of the
world as its cervical vertebra of revolution. Having regarded her in that way, Kariya was an
existence devoid of all meaning, like trash on the stage or a stain in the background.
Kariya was terrified of the delusion that his position and his very existence were
erased. He even felt the electrical discharge to scream to catch her attention. But not a sound
could come out of his dry throat.
Nevertheless, before desire, when he was looked straight in the eye by Aoi  who had
finally lifted her head up  Kariya finally understood: Ignorance was a greater
compassion; if he could end from the world at that instant, it would be a far
greater relief.
So now its as if the Mats had gained the Holy Grail, right? Happy now,
Kariya-kun?
It was a familiar voice, but in a tone he had never heard before. That was because
his gentle and kind childhood associate had never hated or cursed anyone in front of
Kariya before.
I  but, I

Why must he be blamed? Tokiomi Tsaka was the cause of all the transgression. When that
man was not around, everything was supposed to turn out well. First of all, why had
he died in a place like this? It should have been Kariya asking questions instead.
Why
However, not even allowing time for Kariya to reply, she asked him back instead.
So after snatching Sakura away from me, the Mats are still not satisfied? Of all
people, you killed this man in front of my own eyes Why? Did you really hate letter
so much?
I dont know I dont know.
With a face just like Aoi's; with a voice just like Aoi's; why was this woman directing
such seething enmity and cold killing intent towards Mat Kariya?
Kariya was supposed to have saved Aoi. He was supposed to have obtained a
future for her beloved female offspring. Then why was he being blamed? Who on earth was
this woman?
That mock  its his, fault
Pointing at Tokiomis corpse with a shaky hand, Kariya tried to correct Aoi in a loud
voice.
If that man would just, end  no misfortune would befall on anyone. Aoi-san,
Sakura-chan  I thought youd be, happy
Stop talking nonsense!
With a demonic expressive style, the woman shouted.
You, what do you know! Someone who has never loved anyone before!
Ah
With a snap
the decisive suffer sound caused Mat Kariya to collapse.
I
I have a person I loved.
Someone warm and gentle; someone whom I want to be happy, above everyone
else.

If its for her sake, even my life was worth it. Because I felt this way, I had to, endure,
endureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendure
endureendure to this day whatever pain or hardships so being denied with no
chance of explaining myself so for whose sake that I am willing to die for GO TO
HELL youre lying youre lying youre lying the one I love most is without a doubt
certainly I
For me the person I love
While murmuring with a scraping sound, Kariyas fists tightened.
In order to fill renunciation upon those words that denied his everything; in order to
shut her mouth up, he tightly squeezed her throat.
The woman opened and closed her mouth, gasping for chemical element like a fish that had
left its tank  and yet it seemed to Kariya as if she was trying to influence words to further
abuse him, which anger him all the more.
If I dont shut her up, everything will end. Everything Ive done to this day will be
meaningless. Theres no way I can allow that to happen.
As a matter of fact, Mat Kariyas madness was the ending fortress left to save him.
In spite of that, he had even missed that lowliest aid at the ending moment  the face of
the woman rapidly turning deathly pale due to lack of chemical element was too similar to the
image of the beloved woman he cherished so much in his heart  no, it was the very
woman herself. At ending, Kariya realized that.
Ah.
At the instant both hands loosened up, a sound slipped from Aois mouth.
Collapsing onto the ground with a thud, she had fainted, not move an inch.
Lacking even the sound judgment to identify the living from the dead, Kariya
thought that just like Tokiomi, she had died.
Ah, ah
He gazed at the hands that had just enrich Aoi with all their might. Someone more
important than anything else; someone who was the very meaning of his life  those
digit that had plucked that someone away stiffened like they belonged to
someone else. But without a doubt, there was no way to victimize himself  those
digit belonged to him.

Like a sound of thunder, he realized. Those digit squirming so shakily were just like
the crest worms creeping about Sakuras skin.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
He clawed at his broken face.
He tore his change-up hair.
A scream escaped his throat. Whether it was a shriek or a wail, he could not even
understand that.
Losing the ending bit of sense in him, with only his animalistic instinct, Kariya
desperately sought to flee; err, he ran away from the chapel.
The man who had lost everything was greeted by the pitch-black darkness of the
starless night.

Within the chapel of Fuyuki Church, there were secrets known only to the priest.
The wall that separated the chapel and the priests room in the back in reality only
served as a septum. It was built with the consideration that all the trace in the
chapel went through the priests room.
Therefore, as he relaxed in a chair of the priests room, Kotomine Kirei could hear
every development of the tragedy in detail.
He seemed deeply immersed in his thoughts. Beside him, the golden Servant
watching over him asked.
A foolish, worthless play. Oh well, not too bad for the first script you create verbally.  How
was it Kirei? Your views?

Silently gazing into space, Kirei gulped down wine from a insert he was holding.
It was a mysterious sensation. The plot was just as he imagined and expected  it
was act and recreated relying on human equate in flesh and genealogy, furnished
with souls.
There was no surprise at all. Both Mat Kariya and Tsaka Aoi had accepted the
roles Kirei transport to them; and at the appointed time, they had visited the church

and encountered each other with the perfect timing. He had not expected Tokiomis
body  which was just a stage support  to have the exact effect he desired. Because
he had debug the death spots and the stiffened post-mortem body, theoretically,
no one should have been able to perceive that the person had been dead for more
than half a day.
But if it was a development that inform none of his expectations - even if there
were supposed to be no surprises  when he watched over it to the end, he felt a
peculiar excitement.
If it was to be named, it might be called a sense of discourtesy.
The tragic scene just now was not a fantasy act by actress. It was true that
Kirei had guided the scene. But baring their innermost feelings, his fellow humans
clashed against one another  the radiance of souls scattering the sparks was,
without a doubt, authentic. While struggling to decide on an answer to Gilgameshs
question, Kirei tasted the fragrance of the wine in his mouth again. Indeed, if it was
surprise he was looking for, he was better off looking into this wine.
Why, I drank this before, and yet I did not notice how profound the taste of
this wine was."
The King of Heroes smiled at Kirei who gazed at his wine insert, straight-faced.
The taste of a wine is disguised in unexpected forms depending on the side container
served alongside it. Looks like you have begun to understand the meaning of the
express, broaden ones view.

Not knowing the best way to reply to the rapturous Gilgamesh, Kirei put down his
empty insert and stood up. He thought about the things he was supposed to attend
to later and felt that he could not afford to stay relaxing. Aoi, lying on the chapel
floor, would undoubtedly require treatment. And he also had to retrieve the fleeing
Kariya for his next gathering of action.
Nevertheless, before leaving the room, Kirei once again glanced at the empty insert.
He noticed that he felt reluctant to part with the wine, which he had finally finished.
Earnestly, he thought  if I can taste such flavor from this wine, I would love to drink
it again.

Act 15
-25:48:06
The sky was already brightening by the time Waver Velvet returned to the
mackenzie house in Miyama.
He had walked for hours on the night footpath. He wouldnt have managed to make
it back to town had he not met a taxi on the way. It had been a stroke of luck that an
empty taxi was in such a remote location, but he didn't know if he should feel
thankful or angry. Fortune should have graced them when Rider and Waver were in
their fiercest moment of battle. He could only feel sad at this untimely luck.
Waver let out a desire sigh at his prolonged night walk when he make out of the taxi.
Suddenly, he heard someone call out to him.
Hey, Waver. Come, come here.
The voice was average from above his head.
He lifted his head. Old man Glen, the forefather of the family that Waver had
assumed was sound asleep, was sitting on the rooftop of the second story and was
waving at Waver as he stood at the door.
Grandpa? You what are you doing?
Alright, alright. Come on up. Ive make something to say to you.
Something to say to me? Then why are you on the roof?
You won't find a view like this anywhere else. There's no better place than this to be
bathed in the light of the early dawn.
This kind of strange behavior was enough to make people wonder if he was going
senile. To be honest, Waver didnt feel like gratify the old man. He had returned
with a tired, walk gait after having suffered through the chilly night air; all he
wanted right now was to sword into bed as soon as possible and let his exhausted
body have some rest.
Grandpa can it wait till morning?
Dont say that.
Although his tone was placid, old man Glen was quite adamant.

Juvenile, you better get up there. That old man seems to really want to say something to
you.
A rough voice that only Waver could hear said this above his shoulder. Rider had
finally promised to keep his prana and bide in spiritual influence on his return
journey after his try with Saber.
Ill stay an eye out on the surroundings. Dont worry.
Its not a matter of whether Im worried
Waver wanted to rebuke, but immediately gag himself. Old men Glen couldnt
see a Servant in spiritual influence. If Waver spoke, it would look like he was muttering to
himself oddly.
No one cares about what I think
At this stage, with the War of the Holy Grail almost at its end, he had to force himself
to provide company for this useless old man. Waver couldnt help but feel resentful.
However, it would only drag this on for longer if he started to argue. Even if he didnt
agree to it, he still didnt know how to respond if he was asked why he was returning
in the early hours of the morning. In the end, Waver could only walk towards the roof,
where the old man was at.
The mackenzie house differed from the other houses in one way: its roof had an
ancient greek and a skylight. It was easy to climb up to the roof through the skylight if one
used the ladder that stretched towards the rooftop attic from the second-story
backstairs. It had not been get that way by accident. Rather, the house had been
been create to enable easy operation to the rooftop when from construction. It was
easy to get onto the roof if one make used to it.
Although it was easy to get up to the roof, he had to endure the frosty winter dawn.
Waver, having communicate up from the skylight, shivered in the northern wind. With
absolutely nothing around to ruin the wind, the chill at this bodily property was
incomparable to what it had been on ground destroy.
Serve. Here, I prepared some tree. Drinking it will heat you up.
Old man Glen said loudly as he supply the steaming liquid out of the thermal bottle
and into the drinking vessel. He was wearing a down coat and had a few blankets wrapped
around him. It seemed the old man had get thorough preparations for the cold.
Waver couldnt think of a reason for the old man to do this.

Grandpa how desire have you been sitting here?
I woke up when the sky was getting bright, and I discovered you were still not back.
Moreover, you can look at the spring natural object at this time of the year. So I
wanted to look at the sky while I waited for my grandsons return
Waver didnt reply when he heard those drunken and almost senile words, just
drinking his coffee nonchalantly. Glen had thought of getting up specifically to look at
natural object; did all old men have such leisurely thoughts?
Whats wrong, Waver? Didnt you like this spot a lot when you were young? You
watched the stars with me many times. Do you still remember that?
Mm I think so.
Waver gazed out at the scene beneath him as he perfunctorily touch off these
past events that he had no memories of.
The entirety of Fuyuki city, from Miyama to the body of water, could be seen from the rooftop
since the house was grounded at the side of the hill. The air was fresh and crisp
while the dawn dyed the body of water with a shade of pearly pink, and he could even detect
with his eyes the shadow of structure astrogate away to distant lands.
How is it? Isnt this a nice view?

It was the entire view of the battlefield for Waver. He had no leisure in his heart to
appreciate such beauty.
I first set foot on this land because of a accountancy trip Martha asked for two things
when I cover the decision to leave our bones on the land of Fuyuki with her.
One was that the house was to be built on the hill of Miyama, and the other was that
there had to be a skylight that allowed letter to go on the roof However, Chris still
couldnt forget Toronto. He just didnt want to be brought up a Altaic.
Glens gaze, immersed in memory, looked toward the other side of the ocean, his
homeland where his departed son resided.
Do you really like Japan that much?
You could say that. But if that was ultimately the reason why I fought with my son
and separated with him then honestly, I regret it
The old man let out a sigh as he recalled those years of loneliness.

Ive always imagine of sitting on the roof and watching the stars with my grandson
just like this, though I expect it will never happen.
Huh?
There was an obvious incompatibility in that memory, accompanied with a taste
smile. That get Waver pause.
As if mocking him, old man Glen silently shook his head and said.
My real grandson never came to the roof with me. Martha is also afraid of shortness.
Id always been alone when I watched the stars
What injured Waver more than the rusticity and the sense of crisis was the
feeling of humiliation.
Say, Waver, you arent our grandson, right?
The subliminal hint was removed  moreover, it was by this gentle old man with no
training in magecraft.
I
Mmm, who are you? It doesnt matter. Its incredible that Martha and I actually
believed you were our grandson. But even after living for so desire, I've found that
some incredible things in this world remain incredible no matter how hard you think
about them Your usual behavior was gentler than our grandson's, anyways.
Arent you angry?
Waver asked in a small voice. Old man Glen said with a complex but calm
expressive style.
As for that, of gathering Im angry. However, Martha is always smiling happily now;
that used to be impossible. I need to thank you for that."

Also, it seemed you didnt enter our house with ill intent. Straightforward youths like
you and that man Alex are so hard to find nowadays. As to why you deceived letter I
couldnt understand it even if I wanted to.
Waver came to the conclusion that this old man was completely defenseless and
extremely dense. Even the lab rats in the Quantify Tower were smarter than him.

Why didnt he hate Waver? Why didnt he blame Waver? For Waver, who only knew
the small world of the Mage's Association, the old mans leniency was something he
couldnt comprehend.
Or maybe I can ask you to stay only because I dont know anything about you If
possible, I hope we can stay this relationship for a while longer. Myself aside,
Martha probably didnt feel anything unusual. It doesnt matter if it was a dream. The
times we spent with our kind grandson have been our hard-sought treasure.
Waver couldnt bring himself to look at the old man. He lowered his eyes and looked
at his hands.
It was a pair of hands that would one day create great mysteries. He had such talent
even if others refuted him, at the very least he could firmly believe in that
possibility within himself.
But what did reality say?
He couldn't even carry out a hypnotic hint, the most basic art amongst basics, to an
outstanding degree. It wasnt a matter of luck or an accident. Those excuses were
useless. His magecraft didnt even maintain a satisfactory result when faced with
this kind old man who begged him to victimize them a while longer.
Had he been that man, he could have obtained his goal while laughing and holding a
goblet in his hand.
Not only did Waver Velvets magecraft fail to achieve such a result, he had been
indebted to anothers gentleness in return.
There was a sense of folly on top of regret  yes, he was only a clown.
Staring into the empty sky, Waver became oblivious to his surroundings and sank
into contemplation. Now he fully understood the attitude of those in the Quantify
Tower who had laughed at him. Waver was laughing at his own stupidity with those
people.
Although he thought as such, he couldnt actually laugh. Glen and Martha
mackenzie werent give birth a comedy.
They were achieve a sincere request to Waver in their own way. Now that he thought
about it, this was the first time that he wasnt the subject of ridicule.
Im sorry, I cant promise you that. I cant even promise I can safely return here
next time.

So you and Alex are doing something that exist your lives?
Yes.
Sabers Noble Phantasm and its cold light cover before his eyes. That had
happened half a day ago. Waver would not forget the abyss of death he saw then
any time soon.
Old man Glen was silent for a while as if in thought, then he gave a heavy nod.
I dont know how important that thing is to you but I do hope you will listen to me
say this. Youll realize that theres nothing more important than life itself when you
look back after having lived through most of it.
This logic was in logical relation to the reason for which Waver gambled his youth.
The so-called way of magecraft could only begin once the practitioner became
prepared to die  the ultimate state could only be achieved by burning away ones
life. That was the direction he had strive towards until this day.
However, if one were to search for a way of existence that fits oneself, then perhaps
the words said by this peaceful old man would be to be the truth.
With a sense of loss that left him speechless, Waver stared at the dawn.
Little did he know that he was greeting the final day of the fourth War of the Holy
Grail.

-17:21:41
People remembered that day in Fuyuki city to be one of abnormal weather
conditions.
Unbelievably, the daily north wind suddenly ceased, and intense, solstice-like
sunlight burn the seemingly stagnant air, resulting in an unseasonable heat
haze everywhere. Bafflingly high fundamental quantity and mugginess  inexplicable even to
weather forecasters  occurred over a very limited region with Fuyuki city at its
center, further refuel the warning first felt by the clueless townspeople when
strange things had first begun to happen.
The guerrilla incidents happening one after another in the city; the bizarre, appalling
criminal; the disappearance of infants  not a single clue could be found towards
a solution. There was no sign of the night curfew being lifted, and worse still, there
had been the incident of the waste processing plant on the Mion River the day
before yesterday. With these constantly bizarre incidents grating the nerves of the
exhausted people, they could not help but feel that this peculiar weather was an
omen of more calamities yet to occur.

XX
Sitting wide awake in the shade of a tree, Emiya Kiritsugu watched as the angle of
his shadow slowly changed with the blazing sunlight.
More than 40 hours had elapsed since he ending slept, but his senses were still tense,
never request rest.
Because he was in a dangerous situation, he had to time his breaks well and
maintain a state at which he could deal with things perfectly in crucial times
this was his experience as a professional fighter. Because the warning boundary
field was already in place in key positions, when someone approached him he could
instantly wake up. If he was in thing mode now, he could enter SLEEP sleep within
a few seconds, possibly dealing with his accumulated fatigue as well.
However, at this moment, Kiritsugu did not even spare a thought about such
established caution. To cut off his feelings and maintain his very best state was
also one of his mechanisms, but under the state of being prepared to be burn,
he was able to surpass his limits and overdrive himself  this was another

philosophical doctrine. The thing able to change himself to such operational state was none
other than the premonition of settling the score he felt under his skin.
Right now, the thing Kiritsugu was anticipating for was by the side of the lake in the
back of Rydji Temple, which was acquire along the mountainside of Mount Enz,
east of Miyama town of Fuyuki city.
After confirming Tokiomis fallout and Kotomine Kireis comeback at the Tsaka
residence yesterday night, Kiritsugu launched an assault on the Shinto church
immediately, but that which was supposed to be his headquarters was already
empty. There were signs of humans being there about an hour before, so it was
possibly a paper-thin miss. The extension during the entrance of the Mat residence
and Tsaka residence had cost him precious time.
At that point, Kiritsugu had completely leave his search for Irisviel. Thats
because he came to the conclusion that if he continued to be attached to her, he
would fall all the more into the enemys trap. If he wanted to have any chance of
winning, Kiritsugu had no choice but to enter into battles not as a husband who lost
his wife, but as a Master seeking the Holy Grail.
By termination the Holy Grail vessel  the announce card of the Einsberns  Kiritsugu
now had to participate in the Holy Grail war with terms similar to that of stranger
Masters (not from the three origin families). The strategy of luring the enemy to
make mistakes whilst utilizing his superiority and overlooking his defense was no
longer viable; he now had to seek ambush opportunities to outsmart his leading
rivals. Thinking about it, what get the strategy of jumping ahead of his opponents
effective was that he could, from this point onwards, add his position  which was
to look beyond the final stage of the battle  and to set up traps about it.
From the outside, the War of the Holy Grail was improvement its image as a battle royal,
but as the war progressed, it began to show signs of it being a battle of crowd
each others camps. The ultimate goal was to feel the ceremony for the descent of
the Holy Grail; but to secure a proper place for the altar was part of the victors path
which could not be avoided.
In Fuyuki, there were only four points in the land containing the suitable spiritual
ground to summon the Holy Grail.
The first key place was Mount Enz which held the natural cave, the Agamid
Hole. At that place, the Greater Holy Grail  which used Justicia as a foundation

was located. It was a secret altar known only to the three origin families, their
favorite ever since it was prepared 180 years ago.
The Tsaka family  which give the ground  had the right to use the best
spiritual leyline as their base. However, the prana overflowing from Mount Enz was
too powerful, and too dangerous to be used as a living ground to bring up the next
people of magi. Hence, they set up their stronghold at the next best spiritual
leyline  the Tsaka residence of today. Though follower to the Greater Holy Grail,
this place was sustained by sufficient spiritual power to summon the Holy Grail.
The Makiri were assigned to a ground when they move here, but because they
realized that the spiritual aura of the ground was not suitable for the familys part,
they shifted their base, the Mat residence, to a different place. The original spiritual
leyline was protected by the Holy Church who interact later. Today, it was at the
top of the hill on which Fuyuki Church was built  that was the third spiritual leyline.
Far away from Mount Enz, it was located at the outskirts of Shinto, which was at
the opposite side of the river  however, it was not much follower to the second best
spiritual ground.
The fourth spiritual leyline did not exist in this ground originally  because of spiritual
processing by the other three spiritual leylines, the motion of mana subtly produce an
abnormality; forming a gathering spot after 100 odd years, which appeared at a certain
location as a result of it. It could also be called a subsequent spiritual ground.
Through subsequent investigations, the fact that it was sufficiently furnished with
spiritual grounds to carry out the ceremony, was confirmed; and during the third Holy
Grail War, it was marked as a dark horse site. Today, this place was located at the
centre of the developing residential area of Shinto. Nevertheless, there was a
problem with it, in that a council meeting corridor was just built recently on that spot.
Even if Kotomine Kirei had move possession of the vessel of the Holy Grail, in the
end, he had to perform the ceremony at one of these four key spiritual grounds. If
Kiritsugu went to those sing, set up traps and could ambush him, then there was a
high chance of turning the furniture around.
With Fuyuki Church left unoccupied, Kiritsugu unexpectedly landed in a good
position of being able to secure the Tsaka residence and the Fuyuki Church  the
second and third best spiritual leylines. The silver lining of the cloud; in order to use
this to his fullest advantage, all the way till morning, Kiritsugu planted explosives into

the two buildings, achieve them into traps. And then, since noon, he had set up a
new position at Rydji Temple, and was on the lookout all the time.
Kiritsugu anticipated that Kirei would probably choose Mount Enz as the
affair place. His enemy had vanished from Fuyuki Church. Naturally there was
also a possibility that his intention was to seclude himself from society, but for him to
relinquish the spiritual leyline he had already secured in the first place, he would
only want to perform the ceremony at the best spiritual ground  Kiritsugu thus
expect. If he thought about it, after obliterating Tokiomi Tsaka, his residence
was also at Kireis disposal  but he had left that place readily, so whats left was
just the Greater Holy Grail at Mount Enz.
Obviously, there was a non-zero possibility that all of these were just a bluff to
mislead Kiritsugu, and that Kirei would return to Fuyuki Church or Tsaka residence.
However, because of that, Kiritsugu had already set traps so that if Kirei set foot in
any of the buildings, he would not be able to return alive. After being bombed to
death, if the vessel of the Holy Grail was still unharmed, then victory would easily
be his  as for Irisviels life, Kiritsugu had already looked philosophically upon it as a
loss.
If he were to further increase his chances of outwitting Kirei, he could not disregard
the Fuyuki council corridor  the fourth spiritual leyline. As for that place, Kiritsugu
settled on placing a familiar there for the purpose of surveillance. After being
confirmed as being a spiritual ground, the ground of origin was left just like that
without any spell-like defense being set up around it. Compared with the other three
ceremonial change posture  which were hard to attack and easy to defend  the council corridor
was not a strategic position at all, from the view of magi battles.
Hypothetically speaking, if Kotomine Kirei were to appear at the city council corridor,
then Kiritsugu would carry out a full-front assault. It was of gathering the worst
development, but the venture of such a thing happening was also the lowest. If he acted
according to priorities, whether he was right or wrong, the place he had to seize no
matter what was Mount Enz.
If Maiya was not sicken, she would be able to secure the city council corridor, and
confront Kirei directly with her perfect preparations. But, it was futile to lament about
it. At this point, he could only rely on himself.
Suddenly, Kiritsugu recalled those times after he had lost Natalia. Come to think of it,
his experiences of independent action without joining anyone, was surprisingly little.

To have felt that unexpectedly, was it because Kiritsugu was always the one
surviving in the end?
Kiritsugu thought about it, and felt that he had led a life distantly connected to the
statement alone. It could also be called a life much crueler than being alone. There was
always someone beside Kiritsugu. The one achieve excuses all this while for killing
or causing the deaths of those someones was again, Kiritsugu.
Both Maiya and Irisviel were people he was destined to part with ever since he met
them. Sure enough, as he thought, Kiritsugu was left on his own, trying to enter the
final stage of the battle. To begin this way, and to end this way  this had to be
Emiya Kiritsugus fate. Someone like him who had lost so many people  such
absurdity was unforgivable.
The boundary field established at the temple gates sensed the presence of
something approaching. Kiritsugu cut off his disorganized emotions, held his Calico
submachine gun in his hands, and stealthily examined the grounds. Nevertheless,
his caution was not necessary. Kiritsugu already knew the prana waves which
approached him.
Come to think of it, there was someone  who was the strongest confirmation to
him  that had not joined his side as an ally yet. At that fact, despite himself,
Kiritsugu could not help but to be surprised and laugh. She was still alive. Though
it was hard to decide that if this noble chessman  which was not part of Kiritsugus
tactics  joined him, whether she would be an ally or not.
Though earth, a Servant could not be mistaken about her own Masters
whereabouts. Saber was not lost, and she had come all the way to the front of the
capitulum at which Kiritsugu was hiding himself, and had stopped within a distance
from which they could conversation, but outside the perimeter at which they could exchange
use  a delicate distance indeed. A distance too far for intimate words to be
exchanged between them; that was also the distance move the hearts of this
Master and his Servant.
The slender figure in suit was as imposing as ever, but the exhaustion within her
face could not be concealed. As a Heroic Spirit, physical fatigue was nothing to her;
but the excessive exhaustion due to her worrying was a completely different matter.
The commanding glint in her eyes during those times when she was waiting upon
Irisviel, was evidently losing its force.

Since yesterday night, I had been searching all over the streets for Irisviel. But, I
still havent discovered anythingim very sorry.
The Servant he did not think about and had left behind; Kiritsugu had no interest at
all at how much time she had wasted within a night; and when he heard about her
idle actions which were just as he expected, he could not even think of any words to
answer her.
Even now Sabers aim was still to save Irisviel.
From ending midnight till this morning, within this time when Kiritsugu had steadily
prepared the deathtraps for Kotomine Kirei, this Servant had probably sought Irisviel
recklessly, and drove around in the city looking for her without even any hint of
where she was.
Was that the willpower as a chessman? The naively honest loyalty towards someone
she had once served?  Her actions were just a silly plan with no strategic
planning whatsoever. But at the same time, it was also a ache examen towards
Kiritsugu who had resigned to the death of his wife, and changed his strategies
accordingly.
Needless to say, she did not come all the way to this place to mock him. Saber was
just stopping by at Rydji temple as part of her search for Irisviel, and sensed the
presence of her Master. But to have to see her again the second day, and having to
once again face the difference between their principles and their actions, he could
do nothing but to ascertain all the more the conflicting principles between both of
them.
From the dim shadows of the tree, at that cold look from Kiritsugu, the dry
premonition she felt within her heart returned.  Perhaps, even until the end of the
war, she would not have the chance to respectably exchange a single statement with her
own Master.
Well then, I will continue the search for Irisviel. If theres anything, summon me
with the Military Unit Seals like ending time.
After saying that, Saber returned to the temple grounds. Needless to say, she was
neither called back, nor were there any words of appreciation before her departure.
From the position of the Holy Grail contest, Kiritsugus actions was the best plan
Even Saber herself understood that. Because of that, she could also decide without
a doubt that it was safe to leave this place to him. She had no fear of leaving

Kiritsugu alone. If the situation arose when the Servant was needed, the clamor
force of the Military Unit Seals could transcend even space and summon her to his
side  she had already experienced that ending night, and confirmed it.
Whilst descending the flight of stone steps hit the temple gate to the ground
below, Saber look her eyes in the unpleasantly blazing sun.
The enemies to be killed could not be found, and the location of the one she was to
protect could not be price whats left was just her definite intuition, which
told her that she could not afford to waste a single moment.
Not even knowing where to go, she was spurred on from the inside by the somesthesia
impatience.

-16:05:37
The scorching summer heat, unusual for the toughen, had nothing to do with
Kotomine Kirei.
The ice-cold humid air sank into the darkness and was completely discriminate from the
bustling world outside. His location possessed all the ideal properties that would
allow him to wait till night had fallen and then make his move.
The temporary hiding place that Kotomine Kirei, who had left the Fuyuki Church, had
chosen was the genealogy-covered underground cave that Ury Rynosuke and
Servant Caster had once occupied as their headquarters  that is, the water tank
deep within the Fuyuki City sewage system. Moreover, this was the fated place
where the Assassins he had summoned had been utterly humiliated. It was truly
ironic that it was that memory which get Kotomine Kirei choose this hiding place.
The best testimony to the secrecy of this place was the fact that Caster, who had
become the victim of all Masters after Riseis military unit, had managed to stay alive
here after the chaotic battle in the Einsbern Forest. Rider and his Master were the
only ones who had found and entered this place, but there was longer any reason
for them to be attention to Casters workshop.
After ensuring his own safety, Kirei inspect the current situation of the war.
On top of having eliminated Tsaka Tokiomi, bind Mat Kariya, and secured
the Vessel of the Grail, he had also managed to stay Saber and Rider in a
stalemate whilst his own whereabouts were unknown to all
All this was achieved within one day after his decision to return to the Heavens Feel.
Although luck did play its part, nothing in the world was meant to be perfect. Even
Kirei himself was surprised at the fact that he had immediately changed the chaotic
and senseless situation of the war.
Kirei had supplant and move over the advantage Tsaka Tokiomi had possessed at
the beginning of the war. Archer, who had materialized into this world as the most
powerful Servant in this Heavens Feel, was in Kireis hands. Berserker, who was a
formidable enemy due to his natural differences with Archer, had also become
Kireis puppet along with his Master. There was nothing else that could threaten
Kotomine Kirei.

It didnt matter who emerged victorious between Saber and Rider. The battle
amongst Servants would end as soon as the victor was eliminated by Archers
ultimate Noble Phantasm. On the off chance that both the King of Knights and the
King of Conquerors managed to survive  or worse, if they came to an agreement
and joined forces against him  then there was still the powerful Berserker to stop
them. Although Mat Kariya was almost in ruins after the incident with Aoi,
Berserker would automatically start attacking Saber and would not require his
Masters military unit.
Although Kirei knew that having three or four battle create by mental act ready for the potentially
unpredictable try with Rider would be good enough, Archer did not agree to it. This
battle did not belong to Kirei, but the King of Heroes. Kirei needed to respect the
request of the warriors if they desired a face-to-face group action. This was likely the biggest
difference between Kirei and the other magi, who merely used Servants as tools.
He was opposed to using even a single Military Unit Seal on Archer. He would only
get the opposite result if he forced a man with such a huge ego to serve anothers
will. The best way was not to control this Servant as a pawn, but to use him as if he
were an environmental state, like the weather or the direction of the wind. A
sailor could not control the wind, but he could dexterously control his boat using the
boat. That was his reasoning.
Archer had left for the moment because he didnt like being locked up in this
underground place. Kirei understood that Archer would rush back when necessary,
so he did not feel uneasy in the leasts. Kirei did not regard this King of Heroes as a
familiar, but as an accomplice with mutual interests.
In other words, there were more efficient ways to use the Military Unit Seals he had
move from Riseis hand. Even if Kirei possessed no Magic Crests, there were many
ways for him to perform magecraft give he paid the proper price. His chances of
victory were high even if he were to try an expert magus now.
The final battle tonight between Servants will decide the Holy Grails final destination.
As an onlooker, all Kirei needed to do was wait for the right opportunity. As a Master,
his main concern was actually a battle of strategies beyond that of the Servants
Kireis greatest enemy would be in that battle.
Emiya Kiritsugu. He would be the only one still capable of taking away the
advantage in Kireis hands at this stage.

In his heart, Kirei had always looked forward to the duel with him. However, since
the opponent was a thorough assassin, the kind of encounter that Kirei wished for
would never come about. He would have to frequently consider the situation of the
battle and continue to ensure his advantage if he were to create a scenario in which
he could try Emiya Kiritsugu face to face. If Kiritsugu become the upper hand, Kirei
would definitely be finished without ever seeing what his opponent looked like. If that
were to happen, then all would have been for relative quantity.
Emiya Kiritsugu could not obtain information concerning this water tank. He was
reassured of that. Had that not been the case, Ury Rynosuke would have been
eliminated even sooner than he had. He would not suffer a sudden attack from
Kiritsugu as desire as he bide earth here. For now, all he needed to do was
stay his opponent worrying and running around blindly. Kirei would be the one to
decide the location of the duel.
Kiritsugu operated strictly according to logic. Kirei would predict his moves and turn
that logic against him, inform him until he had no choice but to volunarily appear
before Kirei  that goal was already finalized. All that was left was to wait for night to
fall.
Kirei copy his eyes to a corner of the darkness when he heard a painful moan. The
Einsbern homunculus that he had communicate Berserker to seize was lying there faceup. She wasnt lying there naturally; a simple Magic Circle had been drawn around
her to allow the surrounding prana to motion in. Although this location was not above a
leyline, there was still leftover prana gathered here from when Caster had greedily
devoured the souls of those he had sacrificed. Putting aside whether this supply
get her comfortable, it was enough to stabilize her state.
Of gathering, it would have been easy if he were to simply cut open her abdomen now
and take out the Vessel of the Grail. However, Kirei wished for a chance to speak
with her. That was why he was discard his effort to provide her with prana.
Can you hear me, woman?

The homunculus opened her eyes, breathing faintly. Her empty gaze was without
focus and her eyesight had evidently diminished, but she still recognized the voice of
her nemesis.
Kotomine Kirei. Like I thought, youre the one

The victor of the Heavens Feel is about to be decided. Perhaps I will be the one to
carry through the ancient request of your Einsbern house.
Although he was not confident enough to declare absolute victory, such a conclusion
was a capitalist estimate.
You still have an asana and are so uncooperative. Are you so annoy with
me?
Of gathering Theres only one person I will entrust the Holy Grail to and that
would never be you, Executor.
Although she found it difficult even to speak, the hatred and power in her voice
get Kirei furrow his brows.
I dont understand. Youre nothing but a doll that carries the Holy Grail. The
completion of the ceremony should be your only concern, rather than who may win
the war. Why are you so bent on certain Masters in your current state?
Yes, how could you possibly understand?... Youre the kind of person who doesnt
even have a request to bestow upon the Holy Grail.
The loathing mockery get Kirei even more baffled  was this woman really just a
homunculus? Why did a homunculus, which didnt even have a soul, possess such
emotions?
Kotomine Kirei youre an empty man who doesnt even understand the meaning
of battle. Youll never win against that man Be prepared; my chessman, my husband
will surely destroy you
Why are you talking about me?
What get Kirei more baffled was the content of her words. How could this
homunculus look into his heart with such accuracy? Tokiomi could not do that, nor
could his own father or wife.
Hah, scared? Fine, Ill tell you Emiya Kiritsugu has seen through you. He is
warn by you and therefore regards you as the greatest enemy  Kiritsugu will
fall upon you in a way more cruel and merciless than anyone else. Be prepared
So that was why  Kirei nodded with satisfaction.
If it was that man  if those who could understand Kirei truly existed  then that man
must be the same kind of person as Kirei.

Emiya Kiritsugu did not let him down. Though the two of them had never met, he
had nevertheless get the most assume evaluation of Kotomine Kirei.
Thank you, woman. That is a blessing for me. The man Emiya Kiritsugu is truly just
as I had imagined.
However, a time period of mocking laughter answered Kirei.
Youre such a foolish man. Youre saying you understand Emiya Kiritsugu?
Hmph, dont make me laugh. You arent even up to his heel in worth.
What did you say?
The sudden sound get his entire body shiver. He could not forget that sentence.
True Emiya Kiritsugu can see through you, but youll never see through him
Kotomine Kirei, you dont have any of the things that man has in his soul.
Kirei grasped her slender neck before more mocking words could motion out of her
throat. The rage and confusion swirling within Kireis heart at that moment was
incomparable to what he had felt back in the Einsbern Forest even if the fatal battle
there was to be repeated.
I admit it. True, Im an empty man. I have nothing.
His shout seemed to be calm at the beginning, or maybe traces of agitation only
surfaced later on.
But whats the difference between Kiritsugu and me? Between me and that man
who only devoted himself to senseless war  a man who never make anything out of it
but only repeated his slaughter?! He departed so much from common sense and he
make absolutely nothing. What is he, if not a lost soul!?!
Kirei rebuked her desperately and hoarsely.
His inquiry was like the angry make noise of an upset soul that could not obtain the
answer it sought even after having experienced every kind of trial imaginable.
Homunculus, answer me if you can. Why does Emiya Kiritsugu seek the Holy Grail?
What is the request that man bestowed upon the all-powerful request-forgive vessel!?!
As if provoking her, Kirei loosened his hands, which were grasped around the
homunculuss neck, and permitted her to breathe so she could answer him. There
was an unspoken warning that if he received a vague answer, he would end her
breathing forever.

Even so, this woman did not express even a sliver of terror. Kneeling before Kireis
knees, she weakly gasped for chemical element in such a pitiful manner. But the look that she
gave Kirei still contained the derision and superiority reserved for the victor.
It was almost as if Kirei was the one kneeling.
Alright, Ill tell you  Emiya Kiritsugus drag on hope is to save humanity. It is to end
all wars and bloodshed and achieve eternal world peace.
That only seemed like jestful nonsense for Kirei. After a few seconds, he jump out
laughing.
What was that?
You cant understand it. That is the difference between you and him. You believe in
nothing while he does.
Was this woman really talking about the man Emiya Kiritsugu? Kirei had doubts.
What kind of man did Emiya Kiritsugu pretend to be while in front of this woman?
Woman, what are you to Emiya Kiritsugu?
I gave birth to his child as his wife. Ive looked into his heart and shared his worries
for the past nine years unlike you, who has never seen him.
Nine years. Perhaps he had transfer such a desire time in a lie? Kirei had such doubts,
but he instinctively felt it would be impossible. What existed in this womans heart
was undoubtedly her trust toward Emiya Kiritsugu. It would be unimaginable to influence
such a strong personality within her if she based it on an empty lie. This woman was
originally only an ordinary homunculus after all.
The focus of his anger began to shift away from this woman before her. Kirei gave
out a melancholic sigh and sat down onto the chair next to him.
Irisviel von Einsbern, were you always a good wife in those nine years? Did you win
Emiya Kiritsugus love?
Why do you care?
I dont understand the bond between you two  you become pride in having Emiya
Kiritsugu as your husband and trust him as if youre a real couple. However, if Emiya
Kiritsugu is a man who request the Holy Grail, you should have been just a tool with
which to fulfill his request. He has no reason to give you something as unnecessary as
love.

I wont forgive you if you laugh at him for being stupid.
Those were the decisive words spoken by one who had something that could not be
violated.
I have no parents, and Im not a product of love. Therefore, I cant understand
what a good wife is. Even so the love he gave me is my entire world. No one can
humiliate that.
Then, Irisviel, youre a perfect wife.
Kirei said as if achieve a disinterested judgement. It was not praise, nor was it
sarcasm.
But I cant understand Emiya Kiristugu because of that. Since he loves you as a
wife, then why why would he want eternal world peace? Why would he sacrifice
his loved one for such a pointless aspiration?
Such an odd question. For you, a man who has admitted that he has no reason
for existence Youre mocking others and saying their aspirations are
meaningless?
Any sensible adult would have laughed at him.
This was an anger completely different from before. Kireis heart swelled up.
Combat is instinctive of humanity. Eliminating it is no different from eliminating
humans. What else could be more pointless? This so-called aspiration of Emiya
Kiritsugus  it shouldnt have been called an aspiration to begin with, but the dream
of a child!
That is why he could only rely on a miracle
Irisviel tried her best to stay her cool and continued speaking.
He lost everything for the aspiration he sought He always suffered through his
punishments for wanting to save those that could not be saved, and everything
around him was robbed I am also someone move away from him. He has been
forced to discard his loved ones many times
Kirei stood up from his chair and gazed at Irisviel with a bottomless and gloomy look.
Youre saying its not just limited to this once  but that this is the way of existence
for this man?

Yes. Kiritsugu is far too gentle. He doesnt feel back on his love even though he
distinguish he will suffer those around him sooner or later
Those answers were enough for Kirei. He completely lost interest in the homunculus
before him.
I understand.
He grasped the womans neck with his strong fingertips and stopped her genealogy motion.
Looking at the others weak and painful expressive style, Kirei calmly said.
I finally understand. So this is Emiya Kiritsugu.
Kirei express the woman, who had already fainted, to one side, and gazed emptily into
the darkness.
In retrospect, Kirei had been wrong since the start his question was answered, but
his anticipation became disappointment.
Emiya Kiritsugu was not looking for the truth amongst meaningless repetition.
That man had simply deliver all meaningful things into nothingness.
It wasnt that he had no wishes, but that he had such a ridiculous request that he fall
into a cycle of nothingness. His futile efforts and what he had wasted was so foolish
that it was unsalvageable.
Perhaps Kiritsugu could see through Kotomine Kireis empty heart, and perhaps he
would fear that emptiness and be alarmed. However, he would never be able to
imagine the meaning of having such an emptiness. He could never hope to
understand the fervent desire that Kirei harbored.
Emiya Kiritsugus life could be concluded as having repeatedly discarded everything.
The emotion and happiness that man had discarded  even its fragments were important
enough in Kireis eyes for him to protect with his life or even die for.
For a man like Kirei who continued to be lost and could not find a single piece of
such emotion and happiness, Kiritsugus life only existed in his dreams and his admiration.
His insatiable thirst and unrecoverable loss had been belittled and mocked in such a
way  how could he endure this? How could he not hate this?
The dark feelings swelling up in his heart twisted Kireis smile.
He finally understood the meaning of this war.

He had absolutely no interest in the Holy Grail. It did not matter if he had no
thoughts of fulfilling a request.
But if he could ruin the dreams of this man, who had gambled everything upon this
miracle, with his own hands  then even the Holy Grail, which was completely
meaningless to him, had a use in being obtained.
The excitement of approaching battle get Kireis hands tremor. The rising desire
of battle burned in his heart, as if he were about to take out his Black Keys right then
and pierce through everything in front of him.
In the darkness confuse by the stench of genealogy, Kotomine Kirei laughed out loud. It
was something that had never ceased in all these desire years - the throbbing of his
soul.

-04:16:49
Waver woke from a deep and dreamless sleep.
What he saw, when he opened his eyes, was a blackness like that of sleep. The
thicket in which he had fallen asleep during the afternoon was now completely dirty
in a hazily starlit darkness.
The curtain of night descended again. To those who commanded Servants, this was
a time of battle that could not be avoided.
The night wind, as taste cold as the intent to murder, did not make him uneasy in the
slightest; right beside him was a presence that could make his fear and unease
elapse into thin air.
Rider, who had already materialized, had already get a thorough preparation for
battle and was currently react through his anthology of Carrier Pigeon poetry.
This hardcover, so heavy and depressing to Waver, was small and thin in the eyes
of the King of Conquerors. The large man was completely immersed in the world of
words. As he engage through the book, his gestures were enthusiastic; he especially
cherished part as note as the touch under his fingertips.
It looked as if he was really very fond of that book. Waver could not help but smile
wryly. If he were to suddenly ask Rider, Why were you born to this world? perhaps
his reply might not be his ambition to conquer the world, but, Without digit, I
would be unable to read this anthology of Homers poetry. That was the sort of
person this man was. A hero whose heart desire for something far away, who
enjoyed good food and wine, who regarded his ambition of conquering the world to
be as common a desire as eating or sleeping. This peculiar personality had drawn
many men to follow him for a lifetime.
In human history, such a man had existed.
Nn? Juvenile, are you awake?
Though Rider had already read Achilles risk countless times before, his
interest was nevertheless undiminished. He smiled like a mischievous child as he
looked at Waver. Perhaps he would always show this smile, no matter whom it was
for. No matter if it was for the heroes with which he had lived and died side by side,
or for a Master with no exchange qualities, like Waver.
Didnt I tell you to wake me as soon as it was night? What exactly are you doing?

Ah, sorry. I make engrossed in reading without realizing it. But the night is still young. I
don't think we have to be so anxious tonight; just lie it while at ease will be
alright.
Why?
The subsequent question caused the large man to open his mouth, then fall into
thought.
Oh. In any case, I don't have any proof, but I have a premonition that there can
be a decisive battle tonight.
He said as if there was no problem.
Waver nodded lightly and did not question Rider's reasoning. He could not explain
why, but the air that touch against his skin get him feel like the Heavens Feel
had entered a climactic stage.
If it had to be put in wordsthen it was because the air tonight was too peaceful.
As far as Waver knew, the only eliminated opponents were Assassin, whom Rider
had personally crushed, and Caster, who had been defeated at Mion River. But of
gathering, in sing he could not see, the battle was still ongoing, still developing.
Every day and night he could feel that the unusual presences appearing in this town
were changing, shifting from a chaotic commotion to a heavy sense of urgency.
This was also one of the reasons why the impatience he felt now left less of an
concave shape in his mind than the anxiety caused by Saber, with whom they had fought
ending night. It seemed that an emergency situation had also emerged in the Einsbern
camp.
Therefore, Waver did not say anything to contradict Riders instinct. It was precisely
because he was the King of Conquerors who had galloped through innumerable
battlefields and issued commands and strategies that his sixth sense was much
more reliable than that of Waver, who lacked experience.
Whether Lord El-Melloi was still alive and wellnow, news concerning his once
hated enemy only get him feel vaguely sad.
Waver had already experienced the unimaginably difficult self-cultivation required to
rush forth into battle with a Heroic Spirit. Even though he had a reputation for genius
in the area of thaumaturgy, the Heavens Feel could not be surmised according to

the logic of magi. When he considered that there had once been a time when elmelloi had undergone the same difficult self-cultivation, he felt satisfiedand yet at
the same time a thread of sympathy could not help but appear in his heart. Among
the six Masters, Kayneth alone had shared a relation with Waver, regardless of
whether that relationship had been good or bad.
That such feelings could be evoked in him towards an opponent with whom he had
fought bitterly since they had first metwaver once again felt the change in the
workings of his heart.
Yes; no matter what the premonition was, to him, the Heavens Feel was as
good as ended.
The moment he began to sigh, a light yet distinct contact dispersed his temporary state.
Whatis this?
This surge of prana is very strange. Like I have encountered it before.
Hearing Rider say this, Waver remembered. The breathing signal with which the Holy
Church had summoned the Masters. This was exactly the same feeling as then.
To get a look at the sky, he walked out of the thicket; to the northeast appeared a
flash of magical lightning, accompanied by colors even brighter than those of the
first summons.
This shape is
What is this? A sort of sign?
Hearing Riders question, Waverthough unsurestill nodded his head.
Differently colored light, four and seven It is Nymphalid , accomplishment, and
Transport, victory. To give this sort of signal Unless this means that the winner of
the Heavens Feel has already been determined?
Voice explanation get Rider furrow his brow.
What is this? Treating me as if I dont exist? Exactly who is it that has move the
victory?
This was truly strange. In the Heavens Feel, only by eliminating all enemy Masters
and Servants could victory be counted. But as things were, Rider and Waver were
standing right there; how could the declaration of victory be get?

Also, that position is not where Fuyuki Church is. Very strange. Maybe it's not a
signal from the people from the Church.
Ah. If you put it that way, that's a possibility I can accept.
Hearing Voice doubt, Rider snorted disdainfully through his nose and nodded his
head.
Whwhats the matter?
It must be that some impatient fellow has move it upon himself to make the
declaration of victory with the challenge, If you object, then come here. In other
words, it is meant to draw opponents to the decisive battleground that he himself
ordain.
Rider gave a sinister laugh. Staring at the breathing signal shining in the sky, he
seemed to be saying, That coexist with my own intentions.'
Very good, very good. Now I can even be saved of the effort of searching. I dont
think a single Servant will be able to serve still after receiving this sort of challenge. The
guys who are still alive will definitely all gather around the place where the breathing
signal was sent outhn, like I thought, tonight is the time of the decisive battle.
The King of Conquerorss burly frame was trembling with emotion and fighting spirit.
Waver regarded the strong and brave Heroic Spirit with an icy gaze, as if waiting
and watching from a distance.
Is it? Finally the ending phase.
Thats right. Since the battleground has already been decided, I cannot bring
shame to the class of Rider.
Rider drew the Celtic longsword and raised it high into the sky.
Appear, my precious horse!
Accompanying the call, a radiance that pierced through space shone forth from
within the torn void. Shining with the light of Heroic Spirits appeared a steed Waver
was familiar with.
The walk Heroic Spirit horse, Bucephalus. The precious legendary horse that had
once carried the King of Conquerors to trample upon the eastern world. Today, it
transfer through time to return to the side of its ally. As it sped across the coat
road, it gave a cry of thirst for battle.

Alexanders announce card Ionian Hetairoi required the opening of a Reality Marble to
correct act from the world if its various aspects were to be gathered
together. Nonetheless, like Mithrenes, who had move on the role of messenger at
Mion River, if only a single horse and rider which were to appear, then it was within
the boundaries of ordinary space. Having lost Gordius Wheel, the best place for
Rider to uncork his riding ability was now on its back.
Come, juvenile. Even if it's not as stable as sitting in the charioteers seat, put up with it
for a while. Come up here.
Rider, on the back of his beloved horse, nudged his body backward to make space
for Waver. Nevertheless, Waver smiled wryly and shook his head.
Only heroes were qualified to ride on the back of a steed that was second to none in
the entire world. It was definitely not a place to be move by ordinary youngsters.
For instance, a useless magus who could not even copy a hypnosis spell, the most
basic of basics
Or for instance, a clown who overrated himself and only make in the way of the
despotic path of the King
The glorious road on which the King of Conquerors Alexander was about to rush
forth could not be arbitrarily sullied.
Waver understood thatthe night beforeit had been he, the Master, who had at
the ending moment caused Riders predetermination to challenge Saber to end in vain. At
that time, if Rider had challenged the Sword of Promised Victory with a desperate
heart, then perhaps he would have been victorious over Sabers Noble Phantasm by
a small distance and trampled the King of Knights beneath the hooves of the divine
bulls. The reason why he could not but give up at the decisive momenthad been
the Master standing beside him in the drivers seat. At the ending instant, Rider could
only jump from the transport in order to protect the clown beside him. Of gathering, he
could not sacrifice the contractor who had get him appear in this world. At that
time, what had decided the victory between Rider and Saber had been whether or
not their Master had been at their side.
Waver Velvet had once thought he had what it become to become a victor, and had
been complacent about it.

But now it was different. Now, after two weeks had transfer, after he had personally
witnessed true heroes; now, as he understood his own useless and meager
existence.
A dog without a home has its own intentions as well. At the very least, it can gaze
upon that back, the nobility of which it can never match
My Servant. I, Waver Velvet, use a Military Unit Seal to give this order.
The youth raised his tightly clenched right hand, displaying the Military Unit Seals that
were as yet unused. These were the shackles that bound the Heroic Spirit before his
eyes, the greatest obstacle that blocked his despotic road.
Rider, you must take the final victory.
This was not a restriction, only a judgment that was a matter of gathering. Therefore,
Waver gave the order. His heart was light as he watched the first of the Military Unit
Seals uncork its prana and end.
Again I use a Military Unit Seal to give this orderrider, you must seize the Grail.
The second Military Unit Seal also vanished; he felt a thread of pain in his heart for
this light. If he stayed his hand now, there would still be timethis meaningless
confusion swept across his heart. It was a fools hesitation not worth commend.
Lastly, I use a Military Unit Seal to give this order.
Waver resolutely raised the hand on which the ending Military Unit Seal was drawn,
looking at the King who rode on the horses back. In that instant, Waver could meet
his eyes without the slightest show of timidity. This was his ending and only glory as a
Master.
Rider, you must seize the whole world. Failure is not allowed.
Swiftly liberated, the third holy marking issue earth prana; summoning a whirlwind,
it disappeared. Waver the magus would probably never again have the chance to
perform such tremendous thaumaturgy in his life. But even thus, he felt from the
bottom of his heart that this was the most satisfying action of his life. He had no
regret whatsoever. In compensation for losing everything, this was enough.
Waver lowered his head to look at his own hands. The proof of the contract etched
on his hand had already vanished and left no trace.
And thus, I am no longer your Master.

Waver said, looking at his feet with his head bowed. He did not want to know what
expressive style Rider wore as he looked at him. Perhaps it was surprise at Voice
cowardly act of giving up the try; perhaps it was a relieved smile at having been
freed from the hands of a useless Master. Regardless of which it was, Waver did not
want to see it. If it were possible, he even wished that Rider would forget the entire
process of their encounter.
Go. You can go anywhere, you are already
Oh, rang out the quiet reply.
Subsequently, he should hear the sound of a horse's hooves swiftly galloping away
over the land. Even as Waver thought this, he was lifted by the brim. In the next
instant, he was sitting on Bucephaluss back.
Of gathering I will go at oncebut, since you have given that annoying military unit,
surely you are also determined? Come to witness the moment in which the order is
fulfilled.
You, you, you idiot! I say, eh!
His will having been changed so easily, Waver cried out awkwardly. Bucephalus
gave a rough cry through its nose as if mocking his panic. Even that horse mocked
people in the same way as its riderthinking this, driven by an indignation that even
he did not understand, Waver cried out.
I dont have Military Unit Seals any more! I dont want to be a Master any more! Why
do you still want to take me with you? I
Whether you are or are not a Master, you are my associate, and that will never change.
Waver knew that these words, spoken along with the smile that was the same as
always, had been spoken to him. In that instant, the hardest part of his heart
crumbledeven though he had protected it with his life, only a moment was
required to destroy it.
The tears flooded like a spring unending from his eyes, mixing with snot as they
flowed past his nose; he found it difficult to breathe, and even more difficult to make
a sound. Even so, he still asked in a enrich voice.
I someone like me can can I really be by your side?
After going forth into battle with me so many times, why are you saying all this? You
idiot.

As if listening to jokes at a banquet, the King of Conquerors poked activity at the youths
tears. He slapped his thin, weak shoulders.
Arent you a real man who has faced enemies with me? So, you are a associate. Stick
out your chest and stand shoulder to shoulder with me.

Waver forgot self-disparagement. He forgot the death before today, the timidity
towards tomorrow, as well as the fear in the moment lie death.
Try and winthis unshakable conviction become root in his heart.
There would be no failure, there would be no disgrace; now he was with the King,
and as desire as one believed and continued to run forth on the despotic road, one
would set foot, no matter how unreliable those feet, on the edge of the worldthis
he firmly believed.
So, I should make my answer to the first Military Unit Seal now. Open your eyes wide
and look properly, black man.
Ah, I will definitely use this pair of eyes to watch!
The legendary steed gave a cry of assured victory and began to gallop, carrying the
King and magus whose hearts were linked, rushing towards the decisive battle with
a mortal enemy.
The location indicated by the breathing signal was the opposite bank of the Mion river,
the fourth leyline of Fuyuki.

-04:10:33
Fuyuki City Corridor
This artifact, which had been built at the cost of eight billion yen, was considered
the symbol of Fuyuki Shintos development, along with the Central Building in front
of the train station. It covered an area of 6600 square metric linear unit and had 4700 square
metric linear unit of usable space. Its complex design shelter four floors above ground and
one floor below. The two-story punishment corridor could change about 3000 benefactor.
The building's prestigious creator had created a novel design that get this
modern City Corridor as majestic and splendid as an ancient shrine. Fuyuki City's high
ambition toward Shinto's development could thus be seen in physical influence.
However, only the exterior was carry through. The interior was still being decorated in
preparation for the recognition ceremony. Active and practical use of the
building was still a desire way off. In addition to the minimal destroy of safety precautions,
the building still had no access to electricity. Deep in the night, with no workers on
site, this pristine and splendid building became an unreal space, with an inhuman
silence and an alien feeling flowing and crop through its emptiness.
Civil planning did not take magecraft into consideration. It was a carry through
coincidence that the City Corridor had been built on top of Fuyukis latest leyline  in
other words, such a rare coincidence could only be attributed to the paranormal
characteristics bestowed upon the area by the leyline.
Kotomine Kirei stood on the rooftop and calmly watched the magecraft bode he
had set off as they backscatter to breathing in the night wind. The only thing he had
needed to do to percolate the unguarded building was ruin the hair. He had already
get preparations for the ceremony and was ready to confront an attack. All that
was left was to stay and wait for the remaining enemies to be attracted by the signal.
Battle was near, and yet he did not appear to be affected by the thought at all.
Executors did not need to be excited with the belief of bloodshed, nor did they
need to diversion to absolve the tension. They possessed the ideal characteristics of the
tools of Gods will, and would gallop toward death with hearts knowing only the
performance completion of yet another duty. Desire years of such training allowed Kirei to
display the calm and nonchalance of a practicing amputator.
However
Hmph. Your face tonight is as cold as ever, Kirei.

Archer, who was walking up to the rooftop with a relaxed gait, mocked him. Kirei
laughed bitterly in his heart.
What did his face, emotionless as always, look like in the eyes of this Heroic Spirit
who could see through everything? Even the shifts in his emotions that he himself
could not detect were unable to escape from the Heroic Spirits eyes.
Although his heart had wavered in the beginning, Kirei was used to it by now. Yes,
he was a cold man in truth  he understood himself as though he was analyzing the
accountancy of another.
The King of Heroes, who had just returned from the night market in the street, still
wore his flamboyant and luxurious casual clothing. A residual tint of indiscipline
bide in those crimson eyes, and he indicate no sense of urgency at the
approaching battle. However, this Heroic Spirit would never separate his outer
appearance from his inner feelings. The battle surrounding the Holy Grail only
seemed like childs play to him.
What do you want me to do next, Kirei? Just wait here?
One wrong military unit could make Archer question the worth of his Master. Kirei,
who knew this very well, shook his head after having thought about it for a while.
The ceremony will be in danger if your power is released close to the Holy Grail. If
you want to have activity, then attack head-on.
Mm, fine. But what do you plan to do if youre attacked while Im away?
Get Berserker to stall the enemies and Ill use that time to summon you back. I
would have to borrow the power of the Military Unit Seals, though. You wouldnt mind,
would you?
It is permitted. However, I cant guarantee the safety of the Holy Grail. I wont be
merciful tonight. This narrow little room may be completely destroyed.
That would be the worst outcome, but it would also be fate.
Kirei nodded decisively, but Archer narrowed his eyes.
Kirei, it looks as if you have understood the meaning of this war. But do you still not
have a request to bestow upon the Holy Grail? Not a single request, even if you do
manage to obtain the miracle?
Thats right. Whats wrong with that?

Although its yet to be fill, the vessel is already in your hands. It may
accept a pre-ordered request, you know.
Hmm, I see. Youre saying that, if possible, a miracle can occur at the same time
when the Holy Grail descends, right?
Kirei sighed disinterestedly and thought about it for a while. In the end, he still shook
his head.
I still dont have a request. If I have to have one  then I request for there not to be any
person people meddling with letter in the final battle. Unfortunately, there are
residents all around letter. I had wanted to try for my victory somewhere desolate if
possible.
Hearing this completely boring answer, Gilgamesh said with derision.
Hah, the thing hiding in your heart will only be truly understood in the presence of
the Holy Grail.
At the end of the day, even if those two were closer to the Holy Grail than anyone
else, they also cared the least for it. For those two, compared to gaining the Holy
Grail, it was more meaningful to chase away those who had gathered because of it.
Ah, theres one more thing. If Saber appears before I return
As he was about to depart, the King of Heroes halted in his steps as if having
suddenly thought of something.
Then let Berserker play with her for a little while. I saved that mad dogs life just
for this.
Understood.
Kirei still could not figure out the reason why Archer was so bent on Saber. As for
Berserker, who had longed to destroy the King of Heroes after their initial battle,
things were different. The King of Heroes had allowed for Berserkers continued
existence after discovering his true name in his investigation of Mat Kariya. He had
said, "It'll be entertaining to let that dog bite Saber. The King of Heroes could
always control his anger whenever it came to Saber; it seemed Gilgamesh was very
interested in the King of Knights.
Say, Kirei, hows that doll, the one Saber protected at the venture of her life? I heard
that whatchamacallit  Vessel of the Grail  is in it.

Ah, that's what you meant.
Kirei did not want to mention its existence. His interest was gone at this stage; he
did not even feel the need to remember the womans name.
I just killed her. There was no longer any reason to stay her alive.



Irisviel opened her eyes and looked around at her surroundings.
She felt very strange. Her consciousness was impeccably clear, and yet she could
not think logically.
It seemed like it was not her mentality that had become muddled and nonsensical,
but the world she was in.
Many scenes cover past her eyes. When she beheld them, the only emotion that
welled up within her heart was an unbearable sorrow and emptiness.
The scenes reflected in her eyes were eternally sundered from happiness or emotion.
That was the only constant in this kaleidoscope of confusion.
There was pain, there was humiliation, and there was regret, hatred, and loss.
Bloodshed and a desolate land. Betrayal and vengeance. Having devoted
everything and yet receiving nothing in return  it was an expensive cycle that
derive no rewards.
The familiar snow-covered scene continued on.
It was recounting the story of a clan that had sealed all it possessed within a mansion
of deep winter.
And here she finally remembered  what she was looking down upon was the
Einsbern family's large integer-year-desire journey for the Holy Grail.
The primeval Justizia and the female girl imitate after her They were
homunculi, fake living equate.
They were humanoid item created with the secret craft of alchemy and used
to fulfill the unattainable lasting request.

This lost and confused history of the Einsbern clan was written with their genealogy and
tears as ink and their broken bones and frozen fingertips as correctional institution. Their sighs and
their despair get Irisviels heart seize tight.
If any place had existed such that allowed her to see all of this, then it could only be
the geographic point of the entire conflict, within the thing that had witnessed all.
Irisviel finally understood. She was looking inside the Holy Grail.
It was the Greater Grail that embraced the primeval Justizia, the Greater Grail of
Mount Enz. All homunculi were manufactured to the standard of the Lady of
Winter, using her as their model. Therefore, they shared the same pain.
No, was that really the truth?
Why are you crying, Abbess?
When she came to, Irisviel discovered that she was in the room of her child,
protected by the warmth of the fire.
Icy wind and snow gathered outside the window and the storm roared past. A pair of
tiny hands clutched her mothers arms tightly in search of protection.
Abbess, Illya had a nightmare. I imagine that I became a wine cup.
Although her heart was terrified, Illyaviels two red eyes still looked at Irisviel with
trust. Though her face looked the same as her abbess's and all of her sisters', this
child was different. She was more adorable than anyone else
There were seven big blocks in Illyas heart. When Illya felt like she was about to
ruin and was so scared but couldnt run away, she heard Justizia-samas voice,
and there was a big black hole above my head
Iriviel embraced her female offspring tightly. Her silver-white fringe touch past her
daughters face, which was wet with tears.
Its alright, its alright That wont happen. You wont see such things, Illya.
There was one sad request that only Irisviel possessed out of her innumerable sisters
and could not share with anyone else  and that was the maternal love of a Abbess.
Out of the many generations of homunculi, she had been the first to give birth to a
child from her female internal reproductive organ. Out of all of her kind, only she had been given a love for her
child. But even so, the fate she carried was just as lamentable.

Illyasviel von Einsbern was the next Vessel of the Grail, and also a mechanical part
swept up in the large integer-year-old wheel of delusion and stubbornness.
This shackle would not ruin until someone claimed victory.
The Third Magic, the Cup of Region  that achievement was the only salvation.
Many sounds rushed towards Irisviel. She chanted with her countless sisters.
The Holy Grail
Please grant the Holy Grail into my hands
Deep within the forest, where the used homunculi were discarded, the mountain of
corpses composed of her kin chanted. Those rotten, maggot-infested faces
cover with Illyas young and small face, and emitted those painful sounds.
Its alright
Full of love, the abbess hugged her female offspring tightly in her arms.
Illya, youll definitely be freed from this shackle of fate. I will finish everything. Your
daddy will definitely fulfill this request as well
At that moment, a question suddenly cover past her thoughts.
If this was a dream conjured by the Holy Grail  since she could see the Vessel
within so clearly and it had move shape  then what would Irisviel, who served as
the outer cover, look like now?
It was as if the eggshell could see the innards of the chicken.
If so, then this would be a giant contradiction. The shell was supposed to ruin
when the chicken hatched.
Then  who was the Irisviel that was dreaming?
The touch of Illyasviels slender body, which she was hugging tightly, was so
realistic. Irisviel looked to her own hands, which were hugging her female offspring.
Irisviel had already disappeared. If the chicken had eat the broken shell
The falling snow outside the window suddenly stopped. What melted into the
darkness of the night was a thick black dirty that sensitize up ripples.
She wasnt scared, nor was she surprised; she only comprehended it calmly and
gazed upon it. The dirty seeped in from all corners of the room and dripped from the
smokestack, slowly wet the ground under her feet.

Yes, the question of who am I? was so character.
She had been no one since the start. Even now, she was still someone who used
the personality of Irisviel, a woman who had already disappeared, as a mask.
Even so, Irisviels request, earth in her heart, bide true. It was the request of a
abbess who thought of her beloved female offspring and lamented the future of her child
even as she drew her ending breath and transfer away. She had inherited the request of
this abbess.
Therefore, she was the one who must fulfill that request.
She was the existence that had been worshipped and anticipated because she was
to grant everyones request, because she was get to be the one.
Its alright, Illyasviel, everything is about to end.
Gently, she murmured beside the ear of the young girl, whom she was embracing
for the first time.
So let letter wait here awhile. Father will definitely come. Hell come to help letter fulfill all
of our wishes.
The scorching dirty that clung tightly to her had elegantly dyed her skirt black.
As she waited for the moment when the request would be granted, the woman with her
body entangled in the inky darkness smiled.
Dispel all sorrows and chase away all worries.
Soon, she would receive the power to fulfill wishes and become the omnipotent
request-forgive vessel that could realize all.

Act 16
-04:08:29
Two o'quantify A.M. The streets fall asleep into a silence deeper and more carry through than usual. Even
the doctor night-bird of prey - perhaps terrified by the repeated cases - obeyed the appeal
to self-imposed decree and were submissively drawn into their housing. Even the
shadows of cars disappeared from the road's surface. The asphalt, clearly lit by
street lights alone, was frozen by the air of the winter night.
This townscape where human life had completely ceased looked like it belonged in a
scene with toys stretched to life-magnitude. If a place beyond the recognition of normal
humans was called an 'alien world', then that was, without a doubt, what nighttime
Fuyuki was.
A single heroic horse sprinted structure that bizarre painting as though it ruled over
the place. Waver was being carried on its vigorous back, hurrying towards his place
of death. Directly behind him was the massive and magnificent chest of the King of
Conquerors, so close that even its pounding force were transmitted.
Even if he were to survive this night, Waver would never forget this tense, silent
flock. There was a time known in the world as the 'moment of truth'. When the
soul, expel and released from all deception and embellishment, become in the
sweeping view of the world in its true state, there existed an instant that knew
nothing but the shaking of the heart. Surely, that was what he was reflecting upon
right now. The instant when any and all of the world's mysteries and contradiction were
comprehended and yet bide unanswered. The instant the meaning of existence
and the value of death could be clearly grasped even without words. It was a time of
supreme bliss, of release from all of the bewilderment and uncertainty, the hardships
of human life.
The expert leisurely slipped out of the sleeping city and jumped toward the
riverbank, provide with still water in the color of darkness. In the still night, the great
bridge they were aiming for was lit in white by the brilliance of hollow mercury lamps.
"Rider, that's
The King of Conquerors responded to the pointing Waver with a nod.

Standing on the bridge illuminated as if by broad daylight, his brilliantly golden,
majestic appearance radiated all the more, as though express at such counterfeits
as artificial light. The remorseless cold-heartedness of his eyes' deep crimson glint
froze Waver's entire body with fear even when they were hundreds of metric linear unit apart.
Servant Archer, King of Heroes Gilgamesh It wasn't that he hadn't prepared himself. From the beginning, he had understood
that this was an unavoidable opponent. Even so, now that he was once again lie
the real thing, the air of intimidation overcame all of the heart's structure and came
to crush the core of his soul.
"You scared, black man?"
Rider, who felt Waver's shaking, asked quietly. The black man frankly nodded without any
pretense of bravery.
"Yeah, I'm scared. Or I calculate, to put it your way, 'my heart is jumping with
excitement'."
At his tense response, the King of Conquerors' face broke into a wish smile.
"That's exactly it. When the enemy is mighty, the yearning for the sweet wine of
victory becomes breathe bliss. Oh ho, looks like you understand it now."
Bucephalus strode majestically, carrying the bravely speech act Rider to the foot of the
bridge.
This would be their fourth and doubtless final chance meeting. The primordial King
of Heroes and the legendary King of Conquerors. To the two of them, both
crowd the wide four-lane road as though they owned it, the only obstacle that
could prevent them was each other. The bridge was a one-way road; if one wouldn't
back down, then the other wouldn't try to avoid. For a competition of tyranny
between these two kingly equate, it was an inevitable, even fated battlefield.
Bucephalus stopped his hooves, having halted after evidently sensing the will of his
rider, who act him by scratching his hair.
"Black Man, wait here for now."
" - Huh?"
Rider lowered himself from the back of his beloved horse, stood on the ground, and
began walking with an air of composure towards the waiting enemy. As though it

had been prearranged, Archer also began walking to meet him halfway, his heels
ringing out haughtily.
They were not warriors who simply competed with their martial skills alone. Seeing
as they would both compete in tyranny in addition to fold swords, they must
also proceed through the proper passage.
"Rider, where is your vaunted transport?"
As soon as he opened his mouth, Archer questioned him with restless anger.
"Ah, that. Well. Aggravatingly, that Saber has carried it off."
Rider replied with a carefree shrug. Archer stared at him, examine with his bloodcolored eyes.
"...Did you forget what I had decided? You were informed that you would be
defeated at your most perfect state."
"Hm, now that you mention it, that's right."
With no fear for the intimidation, Rider, in an exceedingly bold and ferocious way,
bent his lips and smiled.
"True, my weapon has been eat. But do not take that lightly, King of Heroes.
Tonight, Alexander is incomplete, and therefore beyond carry through."
It was an incoherent manner of speaking, but Archer did not sneer at his nonsense,
and looked over Rider's entire body with sharp eyes that seemed to cut into him.
" - I see. Yes, your Aura is overflowing. It is unusually stalwart. It seems you do not
stand before me without some potential of victory."
It was the truth. While he had lost one of his Noble Phantasms, the amount of prana
seething from Rider right now was several times higher than before. The three
expended Military Unit Seals that Waver had plan to 'waste away meaninglessly'
were unwittingly work an effect. When using Military Unit Seals to activate
ultimate authority, the more vague the contents, the more reduced the effects will be.
On that point, as Waver's earlier orders all lacked materiality, in terms of using
the Military Unit Seals, they were in effect wasted. On the other hand, a Military Unit
Seal activated not as an absolute military unit bending the will of the Servant, but with
the permission of both parties, would not only compel the Servant's actions, but also
become a way to support and enlarge them. In this case, similar to how Kiritsugu's
Saber achieved Spatial Change, the Military Unit Seals could at times make

possible unprecedented things that overturned the normal methods of magecraft,
things on the same destroy as 'Magic'.
While the method of usage get little press, since the three Seals change
to the Servant's own will and furthermore were activated in temporal arrangement, Rider
received a definite effect from Waver's Military Unit Seals. As desire as he aspired
toward the action of 'victory', Rider would receive an amplified amount of Prana
support compared to normal. Frankly, the current Rider was, even more so than in
the past, at his 'most perfect'.
"Hey, Archer. Speaking of decisions, wasn't there one more agreement from our
banquet before?"
"The conclusion that we would have no choice but to kill one another?"
"Didn't we say we would drink up the rest of the wine before that?"
Rider, with an honest smile unthinkable for one preparing for mortal combat, urged
the King of Heroes.
"At that time, some boorish fellows tried to spoil our banquet... but there was still
something left in the bottle. You can't fool my eyes."
"As expected of the king of usurpation. You are sharp-sighted when it comes to the
possession of others."
Archer, with a taste smile, once again called forth a set of drinking vessels from the
alternate-world 'jump' to his hand. The bottle was change, and the rest of the highquality wine from the Age of the Gods at its bottom was supply completely into two
cups. Like two workman fold their gloves, they solemnly knocked their cups
together.
"One more thing, King of Babylonia. My ending summary to you."
"Permitted. State it."
His goblet still raised, wearing a serious face while some rascally naivete bide
in his gaze, Alexander began.
"For example, if my Ionion Hetairoi was equipped by your Gate of Babylon, it would
undoubtedly become the most powerful army. Even that President of the West
wouldn't be more than a ruin of wind."
"Hm. And?"

"Once again, will you not be my ally? If we join together, we can surely conquer as
far as the ends of the stars."
Hearing this, the King of Heroes, as though he had heard some very satisfying satire,
laughed out loud without a care.
"How deeply amusing you are. It has been a desire time since I have laughed this
much at something other than a jester's foolish nonsense."
Even as he laughed, his ruthless unpleasantness did not weaken in the slightest.
Perhaps killing intent and great delight held roughly the same meaning to this golden
ruler.
"It is unfortunate, but I do not require a second associate. Past and future, my
companion will only be one - and there need not be two kingly ones."
At such a resolute response, the King of Conquerors simply nodded quietly without
showing his dejection.
"That is a high and lonely kingship. I shall challenge that unshakable state of affairs
with great admiration."
"Good. Display yourself to your heart's desire, King of Conquerors. You are a foe
worthy of my judgment."
The two Businessman gulped down their ending drink together, disposed of the emptied cups,
and turned back on their heels. Without turning around again, the two each returned
to the airhead they came from.
Waver, who had watched over their ending toast with a tense expressive style, went to meet
the King's return with a sigh.
"Do you two actually get along?"
"Well, we'll be killing each other now. Or he could be the ending opponent in my entire
life that I will exchange glances with. I can't be ungrateful."
"... Don't be stupid."
Waver countered Alexander's joking tone with a stifled voice.
"There's no way you can be killed. I won't accept that. Did you forget my Military Unit
Seals?"
"That's right - yeah, that's it."

With an intrepid smile, Rider once again straddled the back of the waiting
Bucephalus and unsheathed the sword infix to his body part.
"Gather, my member! Tonight, we shall marking our gallant figures into the strongest
legend!"
A wind of hot sand blew onto the bridge as though responding to the King's call and
backscatter the mist from the river.
The thoughts of the Heroic Spirits who had once seen the same dream as the King,
drawn from beyond time and space, now came together and travel around the sword
of the Cypriots.
A boundless blue sky. A horizon, blurred by the heat haze, that all would gaze at
with a single heart in order to ascertain its very end.
The mental rhetorical device of the brave ones who crossed time to seek the battlefield
eroded even reality and turned the uninhabited great bridge into a great plain with a
raging whirlwind.
And one by one, the Heroic Spirits hastened to the stage of the decisive battle they
were ordered to.
"Ahh......"
This was the second time Waver had seen the spectacle of the stand Ionion
Hetairoi in their elegance. Even though it was no longer something to be
shocked by, now that he knew the meaning of this ultimate Noble Phantasm which
represent the kingship of Alexander, he was overwhelmed by a sense of awe even
greater than the first time.
The shining elites of the military personnel - the bond of lord and servant they had formed with
the King of Conquerors once upon a time could overcome even the separation of life
and the afterlife.
There was no place where their battlefield, sublimed into eternity, could not be
actualized. If the King of Conquerors would again set forth in tyranny, then no matter
where he was, his servants would hasten to him.
That was the pride of being together with the King.
The emotion of being able to battle together, of their hot surging genealogy.

"Our enemy is the King of Heroes, mightier than tens of thousands - an opponent
lacking in no regard! Come, heroic warriors, show the original Heroic Spirit the way
of our tyranny!"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh - !!!"
At Alexander's make noise, the attribute of the arrayed troops rose into the air.
Only the solitary Archer was before them, confronting the great host which boiled
like the high seas, but he did not show a speck of dismay and simply stood,
imposingly blocking their path. His appearance, painted in gold, was like a single
arduous towering peak. The air of intimidation was unmistakably unprecedented,
precisely what would come from a adonis Heroic Spirit.
"Come, lord of the subjugator. Now you shall know the true influence of a King......"
At the boldly speech act King of Heroes, the host of Heroic Spirits, led by the heroic
horse Bucephalus, finally charged in a wedge formation.
Rider bellowed as he head the vanguard. Answering his make noise, the knights
released a battle cry. To the surging waves and harsh thundering anthem, Waver
added his own small voice with all his might.
"aaaalalalalaie!!"

-03:59:48
At that moment, Saber was wandering aimlessly around eastern Shinto in search of
Irisviel. Naturally, she too noticed the breathing signal sent out at Fuyuki Municipal Corridor.
Though she did not understand the significance of the signal, it undoubtedly had
something to do with the Heavens Feel. Like one critically ill who would turn to any
doctor, as if grasping a lifeline, Saber immediately turned the vehicle and sped in the
direction of the breathing signal's flare.
Saber, who did not need to structure the Mion River to reach her destination, was not
attacked by Archer who was guarding the bridge, and arrived first at the Fuyuki
Municipal Corridor.
Saber drove the Potential Unit-MAX through the silent night scene; revving the Potential Unit-type fourcylinder engine, she drove into the front porch, the walls of which still looked new.
There was no sign of the enemy in sight, and neither could she sense any killing
intent earth in the darkness. In that case  was the enemy hiding within the
building?
Saber gazed for a moment at the pitch-black area near the outer wall of the
Municipal Corridor, turning the Potential Unit-MAX around to the guiding road designated for visitors.
She followed the ladle path that extended below the building and entered the
underground parking area.
In the underground area where the moonlight could not reach, the white light of the
headlights cut through the darkness to look on the icy cement wall. The wide car
park, create to accommodate more than a hundred cars, had not yet been
opened for use; only several cars from the construction company were parked here
and there; the rest of the empty space was heavy with dusty air.
The rough make noise of the Potential Unit-maxs engine was also swallowed up in an instant by the
strange, burial chamber-like silence. Saber warily glanced at her surroundings. All around her
was dense darkness, the shadows of the support upright that had been built all over
the place Extremely suitable for the enemy to hide his influence. More importantly, her
instinct felt the murderous intent that almost saturated the air.
Ah
From the floor came a resentful sigh; it sounded like the groaning of the dead from a
dark abyss.

Saber could not have heard this sound wrongly, for she had many times been its
victim
URRRRRR!!
She immediately reacted to the effusion that closely followed the make noise.
Saber twisted and retreated quickly. In the spot she had just been, the Potential Unit-MAX left
behind was cover by fire that splashed like rain. In just one instant, her
beloved steel steed was turned into a shapeless fill of conflict. The explosive
scent of burning reached Sabers nose.
This weapon is
Saber had an press of it. This was the rain of fire that had turned Lancers
Master and the restall who had fallen terribly victim to Emiya Kiritsugus
calculationsinto pitiful corpses. It was the mechanized shooting weapon that had
become mainstream in this modern world.
In the depths of the darkness, red water lily of flame blossomed once more. Under the
light that shone from the muzzle of the gun, the black shadow of Berserker
lengthened to a state of appearance as it communicate threateningly on the walls of the
underground parking area. Without the slightest hesitation, Saber leaped into the air,
dashing out through a baptism of flying lead bullets. The stray bullets of
unimaginably destructive power tore open a large hole in the cement of the ground
and walls. That power obviously could not be spoken of in tandem with the weapon
that Maiya had used. Saber sensed that even though she was a Servant, if she were
break even she would be fatally wounded; she gnashed her teeth in anger.
Of gathering, she could not have known the process by which Berserker had obtained
the small machine guns. Both of the crazed black knights hands held a modern
autoloader that Kotomine Kirei had prepared using the power of his position as
Supervisor; Berserker nimbly and freely operated them as if they were extensions of
his own hands. The firearms artifact and holster were all immersed in the hated
prana, and had turned into fierce magecraft military equipment that could threaten
even Saber.

The two machine guns were not in any way follower to the black knights angry howl;
shout hotly, they attacked Saber. The bullets, faster than the speed of sound,

were still unable to surpass the speed of Sabers sword. Nevertheless, the speed of
twenty-odd bullets per second left her only able to blocking.
Berserker could confer the properties of a Noble Phantasm on the weapon in his
hand, regardless of its origin or time period. Once it had been rate to the
category of Noble Phantasm, the difference in power between the two weapon types
of sword and firearm forced Saber into a decisively disadvantageous situation.
Because the building's construction was not yet finished, a large grammatical category of coat
cans were piled in one corner of the parking lot. One of the stray bullets struck them,
and the heat bullet caused the statement to explode. The underground darkness
was consume by red lotuses of flame.
Saber was so restricted by the curtain of bullets that she could not close in; she
looked around in search of a method by which she could return from certain defeat.
Then, she saw a small truck parked in a lot at the corner of the car park.
Thats it!
Accepting the venture that she could be forced into the corner with no route of retreat,
Saber dashed toward the vehicle she had set her eyes on. Berserker travel her as
she abscond, at the same time shooting at random with the firearms in his hands. Saber
get a ferocious step that narrowly state the howling bullets, dashing to the
back of the truck. She brandished the flat of her blade upward, flinging the artifact
of the vehicle into the air.
At that point, the rain of bullets targeting Saber crumpled the truck as if it had been a
paper model. Saber continued to hide behind the artifact of the truck, pieces of
which had been backscatter all over, using her shoulder to halt the rotating skeleton. In
this manner, she dashed toward Berserker.
Berserker continued to measure, using the machine gun to mercilessly smash the
artifact of the truck to iron potato. Even though the heavy frame of the truck quickly
met its change integrity fate, from Sabers perspective, as desire as the temporary shield
could close the distance and bring Berserker into proximity of her swords attack, it
would be enough.
Uaoaoaoao!
The bullets, which had understand the artifact of the truck, brush her face and
shoulders. One bullet sent sparks flying in all directions as it impacted the oil tank,
anger the fuel inside. The artifact of the vehicle, already unrecognizable, was

consigned to the flames. Nevertheless, even this did not stop the walk of Sabers
attack.
When the distance to the dueler had closed to less than ten metric linear unit, Saber
remove an opportune moment to throw the flotsam of the truck toward Berserker.
Lie the flaming iron conflict, Berserker not only declined to dodge, but also brought
up a single hand in the attempt to smash it with one fist.
The time was ripe.
Ha-a!!
With a great talk, Saber once again pressed in on the burning artifact of the
truck with the thunderous speed of lightning, using all her strength to drive her attack
downward. The precious sword pierced the burning piece of iron that had been used
as a entertainment; the point of the sword closed in on Berserker on the other side.
Blocked by the obstacle, Berserker was completely unable to see Sabers actions,
and thus had no way of avoiding this attack. In the third clash of blades, Saber finally
scored a break even on the enemy in one blow. From the point of her sword, a sense of
having scored a direct break even traveled up to her hand.
But
Too shallow!?
On Sabers side, because of the blocking shield, she too could not directly see her
victim. Even though she had indeed scored a break even on the other by relying on her
intuition to attack, she had ultimately not been lucky enough to score a critical break even in
that blow. The front part of Invisible Air, though it had accurately get contact with
the center of the forehead of the black helmet, it had been unable to smash the skull
inside.
The outside of the truck was subject to a heavy rain of bullets, and its inside had
been pierced by a sword; this time it finally broke into two pieces. Although
Berserker had not received a fatal wound, the fierce attack to his face get him
overwhelm backward and left him unable to recover for a short moment. That was time
enough for a follow-up attack. Now the bit of victory were bend toward Saber.
Saber kicked aside the burning vehicle wreckage and lifted her sword high into
an upward stance. This time, she would definitely not let him off. She aimed at the

top of Berserkers defenseless head and gambled victory on the following direct
attack.
The stance, speed, and timing were all perfect. It was a strike worthy of the name of
the sword-wielding Heroic Spirit, enough to make one believe that the outcome had
been decidedprecisely for this reason, the instant when Sabers sword was
stopped in midair was especially surprising.
Berserker express away the machine guns, stable gear the blade of Invisible Air between
his bare hands before her eyes. That consummate ability was unbelievable on two
counts: the first was that he had used an impossible stance to respond to Sabers
follow-up killing blow, and the second was that he had done so even though it was
impossible to perceive the path of Invisible Air. But the Black Chessman had grabbed the
white blade with his bare hands to seal Sabers attack as if he had known every
detail of Sabers sword, from the shape to the length, like the back of his hand.
Saber suddenly realized the fatal hazard of having Berserker come into contact with
her weapon; she shuddered violently. She banished the astonishment of her heart to
the back of her mind and used all her strength to kick out towards the black knights
chest. Berserker, who could not take the blow and was forced to retreat, released
the precious sword, allowing Sabers beloved weapon to narrowly escape the
hazard of being corroded by the others black magic.
The sprinklers on the ceiling at ending reacted to the flames spreading all around; they
began to violently spray curtains of water. Even though their bodies were exposed to
torrential pour of water, the silver and black knights still did not move in the slightest
as they confronted each other.
In Sabers heart again rushed forth a question that could not be miss.
The deceptive illusion of Invisible Air had been ineffective against Berserker. He was
obviously very familiar with the sword protected by an invisible sheath. In other
words, that meant that he had originally known her before she had become a Heroic
Spirit.
At the warehouse district and Mion River, this black chessman had shown an abnormal
persistence in attacking Saber. If his actions had not been under his Masters
instructions, but this insane Heroic Spirits own hatred
The more she stared at the black fog, the more indistinct the part of the armor
became. This indicated that around Berserkers body was twined a delusive

protection similar to Invisible Air, achieve it impossible to see the true face of this
Heroic Spirit. But at this point Saber could not but believe  he was undoubtedly
one of the knights who had known her.
Your ability says that you are by no means an anonymous chessman. Answer me!
Saber get up her mind and cried out loudly to the enemy she confronted through
the mist.
Since you have recognized that I am the King of Britain Arturia Pendragon and
challenged me as such, you should make known your background with the glory
befitting a chessman! To issue a challenge while hiding your sameness is akin to plotting
against me!
The sound of water, like a heavy rain of rain, was slowly understand by a clear
noise  ka-da-ka-da  of metal. Though it was very dismiss, the sound that
invade the ears change state her soul; undoubtedly, it came from Berserker  under
the cover of the black mist, his full-body armor was trembling.
That was the gentle sound of the armor that completely covered his limbs as the
pieces sound softly and knocked against each other.
You
Saber finally discovered the source of the strange sound, like a sigh or a groan,
crawling across the ground.
That grinding, sobbing noise originated from the depths of the black helmet.
Berserkers entire body shuddered, revealing an emotion that could not be
suppressed.
Laughter  when Saber understood it thus, an unspeakable move involuntarily ran through
her body.
Lacking sound logic or proof, with only her sixth sense as guidance, she realized
one thing: her previous interrogation had been a fatal mistake.
It was a pity that she had realized it too late. The words that would have summoned
to her the worst possible curse had desire since been spoken through her own lips.
The black fog create the black knights entire body began to swirl and contract.
Within the rushing mist, the pitch-black armor finally revealed its true colors.

It was perfect armor that was neither exquisite nor crude, but which perfectly blend
magnificence and practicality.
The delicate, nuanced skill of a arrowsmith who had put in his utmost effort
succeeded in forgive it an air of formidability and fine construction. The countless
marks and handicap etched into it became carvings highlighting the user
illustrious military use, adding a touch of valor to the armour. It was an ideal
battle outfit that all knights could not help but envy.
Saber recognized the hero that had once worn that armor to ride forth on the
battlefield. At the Round Table of Camelot he had been an unrivaled swordsman
more radiant than any other; he had been a chessman more excellent and a warrior
more loyal, more brave than any other.
You are how could
She wished that she had seen wrongly. He was the ideal incarnation embodying the
true face of a chessman. That illustrious appearance could not have become the pitchblack influence corroded by the Mad Enhancement curse.
The black chessman laughed sinisterly as if mocking Sabers thoughts, reaching for the
hilt of the precious sword in its scabbard. That sword had neither been remove up nor
stolen. This Heroic Spirit who had been hiding his name all along was finally
revealing his own Noble Phantasm.
Saber could only watch on helplessly as he slowly drew the precious sword from its
scabbard.
She could not have been wrong; the design of the sword was the same as that of
her own, and the fairy letters carved into it was proof that it had not been forged by
mortal hands. The flash of the sharp blade under the moonlight was like the water of
the lake as it shone with radiance. That was a limitless sword that would not be
damaged regardless of the attack it had received.
Only he who was exalted as the perfect chessman was worthy of having that sword; its
name was also known as Arondight  The Indestructible Light of the Lake  that
evidence spoke the bearers name even more clearly than if he had said it himself.
Ar thur
The vengeful cry reverberated within the black helmet. With this one vibration, the
mask that had already cracked under Sabers previous blow now shattered.

From the break mask was revealed a blackened face.
Nothing bide of the beautiful visage that had once drawn the admiration of
many women. Yesterdays hatred had get him as gaunt and pallid as a illusion;
only his eyes, provide with hatred, gave out light. That was the visage of a living dead
man who had lost everything to a curse.
Ah
Saber felt her knees weaken. The unyielding King of Knights forgot herself in
helplessness; as if unable to bear the weight of water droplets raining upon her
shoulders and back, she fall to her knees on the wet floor.
Even those who are heroes will fall so far as to suffer even the most basic sense of
honor
In the past, someone had spoken to her thus.
In that case, had the curse started from then?
Do you really
Saber looked at the figure before her eyes, who had desire since lost the distinguished
dignity of yesterday and had been thoroughly changed by his descent into the seat
of madness; hot tears rushed forth, and she could only question.
Do you really hate me so much, my associate? Even if you have become as
such Do you hate me so much, Chessman of the Lake?!
In that instant, the young girl who always record her glory to the very end, who
fought for honor to the very ending
That was the instant in which she was defeated.

-03:59:32
In the silence, a repulsive odor of burning contend his nostrils; it seemed that a fire
had broken out somewhere in this large edifice.
Unhurried, Emiya Kiritsugus steps were light and decisive as he slowly walked to
the center of the empty porch.
He moderately relaxed the muscles of his entire body, not using excessive strength
to any area. On the other hand, his nerves reflected the entire situation of the
surrounding area, like a mirror more quiet and clear than the surface of a lake
sealed in ice, more sensitive than hearing, more distinct than vision, with no blind
spots. He had transformed himself into a probe that could instantly sense any dismiss
movement as he strolled through the darkness.
Kotomine Kirei should be somewhere here in the Fuyuki Municipal Corridor, awaiting
Emiya Kiritsugus arrival.
Considering this outcome, the ambush that Kiritsugu had planned had truly been an
breathe failure. But he felt no regret whatsoever, as he had finally been able to
ascertain the true colors of Kotomine Kirei, the enigmatic dueler; this was still
considered a large gain. Precisely because Kiritsugus many predictions had come
to nothing, he had communicate the answer through the process of elimination.
To sum it up, that man had no interest whatsoever in the Grail.
Under ordinary circumstances, all the Masters would battle for the sake of pursuing
the Grail. This idea had move root as a lasting first press; it had blinded
Kiritsugus eyes all this time, until today. This was precisely why Kiritsugu had felt
uncertainty and a lack of understanding toward Kotomine Kireis actions  which
had had nothing to do with the Grail.
But tonight, Kiritsugu had clearly seen Kireis strategy for the ceremony for the
Grails descent and discovered that he had been fundamentally wrong.
In using the Fuyuki Municipal Corridor as the sacrificial altar, Kireis preparation had
really not been thorough. This fragile fortress was already lacking as a magecraft
stronghold, but he did not take any attitude measures. Even if time had been
pressing, he should at least have set up basic traps and protective door.
Furthermore, if there had truly been no time to prepare, then why would he have
done something like summoning the other Servants to come forth for a decisive
battle? Even taking a hundred steps back, even if he really did know absolutely

nothing about attitude magecraft, then why would he choose the one leyline out of
the four that was most unsuitable for a attitude battle?
On thinking this, Kiritsugu could only believe  to Kotomine Kirei, the descent of the
Grail was of secondary importance. That man had remove the Fuyuki Municipal Corridor
solely because the chances of being ambushed there were lowest. In comparison to
a successful descent of the Grail, he hoped more to gain the most advantageous
initiative in the final decisive battle between Masters.
Kotomine Kireis goal was not the Grail, but the bloodshed involved in the process of
obtaining it. The reason for that could not be investigated, nor did it need
investigation. It was enough to have understood who exactly the Executors victim
was.
Kiritsugu slowly gripped the Thompson Contender; feeling the touch of walnut wood
under his digit, he thought of the face he had only ever seen in a representation.
At this point, even if he tried to pinpoint how and where his path had crossed with
that of Kotomine Kirei, it was only a hollow attempt. Kiritsugus life had not boat so
smoothly as for him to assert that he had never get an enemy of someone. That
he was an stranger who had gatecrashed the Heavens Feel solely due to a personal
feud with Kiritsugu  this possibility could only be eliminated due to reasons of
probability. Though there was only a very small chance that an stranger could have
lasted to the very end of the Heavens Feel, as well as directed a farce that had
changed the direction in which the Grail had progressedthe reality was before his
eyes, and Kiritsugu could only accept it as the truth.
Emiya Kiritsugu had never sought the truth nor answer to things. To him, only the
situation had ever been worthy of concern.
He had merely vowed in his heart that he would save more people. There was no
distinction between the lives that were saved. The balance that measured sacrifice
and salvation had nothing to do with reason or circumstance. Thus was his
existence. He would certainly not be foolish enough to inquire as to the significance
of his actions.
Therefore  in Kiritsugus heart, none whatsoever bide of the fear and sense
of crisis that he had previously felt towards Kotomine Kirei.
From the starting point of knowing what his motives were, that man had fallen to
become a simple obstacle that disadvantage Kiritsugus progress. No matter how strong

an enemy the other was, as desire as Kiritsugu was sure that it was someone he must
challenge, that person was no longer one for which he would feel anything. There
was no fear, no hatred, neither estimate nor compassion; he considered only
one thing: elimination. That was the only function that Kiritsugu gave himself as a
killing machine.
The large area that comprised the first to third floor could be said to be the key
area of Fuyuki Municipal Corridor. Kirei placed the corpse of the dead homunculus on
the stage - which, having been completely stimulate, was waiting only for the first
performance.
In its soft abdominal cavity, a foreign object could definitely be felt. It was likely that
the Grail that had been mixed in with the organs was now regaining its original influence.
Though Kirei could now cut open the abdominal cavity and remove it, he was not
anxious to do so. When one more Servants soul was reclaimed, the outer covering
should automatically collapse and reveal the Grail. He had only to wait.
Archer was confronting Rider at the bridge; Berserker was blocking Saber at the
underground parking garage. Everything was running smoothly. Now there was no
one to disturb Kirei.
He left the auditorium and arrived at the corridor. Instantly, the black breathing that
flush the air assailed his nostrils. The origin of the fire should be the
underground battlefield. From the density of the smell, the fire had already spread to
the different areas of the artifact. But all the finishing line connections to the outside,
including the fire alarm, had already been cut off; as desire as the fire did not spread
outside the artifact, it would not be discovered by the nearby residents.
With every step he become, his mood became more passionate; the holy words of
benison could not help but spill from his lips.
He regenerate my soul. He model me in paths of morality for his names sake.
Even though I walk through the dale of the shadow of death, I will fear no transgression, for
you are with me
He was here. Now he was sure to meet with him.
Emiya Kiritsugu was nearby. Just as Kirei desired his arrival, so did he search for
Kirei.

The flames had dispersed the darkness, flickering and dancing in various areas of
the corridor. Warm air caressed Kireis face, but he did not care. The tide of genealogy
that muddle in his heart burned even hotter than the flames.
Now, Kirei felt blessed for the first time. The God who had never blessed him before
in his life had finally given him a insight.
What he travel was this catharsis of hatred, this emotion of the try.
Your pistol and your staff, they comfort me. You prepare a table before me in the
presence of my enemies. You choose my head with oil; my cup flow. Surely
goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life
The tongues of flame followed the walls up to the ceiling, turning into fingerpost
showing the way to Hell in invitation to the two men.
They advanced silently, high-spiritedly, without hesitation, toward the place of the
decisive battle.
Thus, they met one destroy below ground - the storage space for large props directly
beneath the stage.
At the other end which roiled with black breathing, Emiya Kiritsugu saw the slender
figure clothed in vestments.
At the other end which roiled with hot air, Kotomine Kirei saw the black overcoat of
his mortal enemy.
The radiance of the Black Keys in his hand reflected the brightness of the barrel of
the magecraft gun.
They both perceived the killing intent; they had desire come to realize that blazing
sensation.
So there was no further need for words for channel.
They finally looked directly upon each other with their own eyes; they came to the
same conclusion at the same time.
Seven Masters. Seven Servants. All that was merely what could be called the
situation.

To Emiya Kiritsugu, this war was
To Kotomine Kirei, the entire battlefield of Fuyuki was
Everything of everything existed for the sake of bringing down the enemy before
them.
Within the raging flames, the blades were moving.

Three in his left, three in his right, the Executor remove out a total of six Black Keys
and sprinted forth.
The sight of the assassins gun trained on the shadow that closed in with the wind.
At this moment and in this place, the curtains opened soundlessly upon the final
showdown.

-03:59:04
The earth rumbled and clouds of sand were blown up as Ionian Hetairoi approached
Even before such an overwhelming spectacle, the King of Heroes, Gilgamesh did
not move in the slightest.
The only thing dwelling in those red eyes gazing at the magnificence was carry through
genealogy-colored emotion. It was a feeling beyond the bounds of averageness, known only to
the king who had completely exhausted all the pleasures of this world.
In truth, Archer was wish.
He was tired of how he would be call in till the end of time, repeatedly, to comedy that
were battles in name only. And now, he had finally obtained an opponent he could
recognize as an 'enemy'.
A challenge from that Rider was worth using his full strength to gain dominance.
"Beat dreams together and plan for tyranny... I will praise your enthusiasm.
But brave soldiers, have any of you discerned it? The truth, that a dream is
something you ought to wake up from before desire."
Archer, with the key sword in hand, disengage the vault from thin air. However, he did
not redeploy Gate of Babylon. What he become out was only a single sword.
"And thus, it was inevitable that I would be the one to block your path, King of
Conquerors."
- Could it really be called something as specialized as a 'sword'?
It was a weapon of far too abnormal a shape. There was a chokehold and a hand guard,
and its length was about that of a longsword. But the crucial section where the
'blade' should have been assigned deviated far too much from the influence of an edged
weapon. It was a dull blade with a pillar get of three class lined up, and a push
which spun in a double helix shape. The three pillar class were like mill, slowly
continuing to turn in alternation.
Yes, it was no longer a sword. Something born before the appearance of the
concept that this world called a "sword" can't possibly have the shape of a known
sword. It was something constructed by a God before humans. It was the
actualization of the works of a God recorded at the beginning of the world.

The three quern-like cylinders, acting in concert with the movement of the Heavens,
retrograde as each make noise with a weight and power equivalent to tectonic movement.
The enormous amount of seething and overflowing prana was beyond activity.
"Now, know the conclusion of your unfulfilled dream. The truth shall be shown by my
own hand."
Archer held his hand high above his head, and the sword of the beginning gradually
increased the speed of its revolutions. Faster with each rotation, ever faster...
Rider, who perceived the threat simply through instinct, pressed on Bucephalus'
reins.
"It's average!"
He make the first move to Archer. That was fine. Even though he make it, it was
just one blow. Ionian Hetairoi would trample that lonely golden shadow without
waiting for the next.
That being the case, he had to devote himself to overcoming that one blow. Archer
have incomparable Noble Phantasms; this was unmistakably a announce card only
for when, in his own way, he believed the time was ripe.
Was it an anti-army Noble Phantasm?
An anti-fortress Noble Phantasm?
Or it could be an anti-personnel Noble Phantasm, and what he truly plan was to
measure only at Rider, at the head of the army, bringing him down with cognitive state...
It rumbled as a tornado roared, and an enormous amount of prana surged forth from
the chokehold of Archer's sword.
"Now awake, Ea. A stage befitting you has been prepared!"
Ea - the God of earth and water from ancient Mesopotamian social anthropology who had
separated Region and Earth.
Called by this name, the Sword of Rupture was the primordial sword present at the
creation of the world in the Age of Gods. The role the blade of the beginning
accomplished - it was nothing short of that which had cut apart what had been
shapeless into Region and Earth, what had given a definitive shape to that
distinction.

And now, the rotating God sword, haughtily stimulate up storm travel, would once
again perform that miracle of genesis. The golden King of Heroes triumphantly
shouted a declaration.
"Come now and look up - to Enuma Elish!"
Region screamed, and Earth shook.
An enormous collection of prana was released, grinding at the laws of space.
The sword push Archer swung down was not aimed at anyone in the first place.
It was no longer a matter of aiming at anyone. What the Sword of Rupture's blade
cuts down cannot be contained to simply 'the enemy'.
Rider, driving his horse hard, saw before his eyes the fracturing of the earth, and the
opening of an abyss.
"Hmn?!"
He had observed the hazard that was slowly occurring at his feet, but the
momentum of the fill Bucephalus could no longer be suppress.
"Hii - "
The fate of falling could no longer be avoided; Waver stifled his scream. But of
gathering, the horse and rider carrying him right now were not the kind to be daunted
by a hazard of this destroy.
"Haa - !"
Responding to Rider's reins, the heroic horse flew high into the sky with a kick of its
splendid hind legs.
It was a bloodcurdling leap and move. But sure enough, at the end of that single
instant which seemed endless to Waver, what Bucephalus landed on was firm
ground on the opposite side of the fissure.
However, before he had time to feel relieved, Waver paled at the horrific state of the
following military personnel.
The army unit of King's Guards, not having legs as strong as Bucephalus', could not
completely structure the rupture in the earth, and fall helplessly into the abyss like an
avalanche. The saddle horse of the ranks further back braked at the very edge and
were saved from the miserable fate of the fall; however, it was yet nothing more than
the beginning of the tragedy.

"Black Man, feel on!"
Reprimanding him, Rider grabbed onto Waver while clinging to Bucephalus' hair.
In the time it become the heroic horse to sense the hazard and jump back to a safe
zone, the fissure expanded further in beam, swallowing the surrounding earth and
the knights.
No - it wasn't only the earth. The cracks stretched out from the surface to empty air,
distorting space and be in the atmosphere. The entirety of their surroundings
were blown into the end of the void by a surging wind.
"T-This is..."
It was such a scene that even the King of Conquerors was at a loss for words.
The Sword of Rupture commanded by the King of Heroes - what its single strike
bore through was not only the earth, but the world itself, stretching to the sky. The
attack was not even something to be cover as a matter of whether it break even, or
whether its force was advisable. Soldiers, horses, the dust, the sky - nearly
everything that used the cut space as a foundation was swallowed and disappeared
into the surging void.
Bucephalus planted his hooves firm with all his strength and demonstrate the
atmospheric pressure of the vacuum; even as this happened, the great plain of hot
sand create from raw material by Ionian Hetairoi cracked, shattered, and collapsed into the abyss of
the void like the be of an hourglass.
Before that one blade was swung, all things were nothing more than chaos which
could not influence any meaning After that one blade was swung, a new truth divided and distinguished Region, Body Of Water,
and Earth.
The released combustion of genesis was no longer in the realm of an anti-fortress Noble
Phantasm. It was an quality that broke down not only that which possessed
shape, but all of creation. That was the true influence of the anti-world Noble
Phantasm that get the King of Heroes transcendent.
Region fall, Earth broke; within the darkness where everything returned to
nothingness, only Archer's Sword of Rupture shone with brilliance. The dazzling light
continued to carry through the destruction, like a star of creation, the first thing
illuminating the new world.

Rider and Waver could not ascertain all of this to the end. To begin with, the Reality
Marble they were in was record by the total prana of the summoned Heroic
Spirits. Before the world itself disappeared, the enclose field broke apart at the
depression once over half of the army had been lost, and the distorted laws of space
once again returned to the way they had been.
And so, as though change from a dream, Bucephalus, carrying the two of them,
landed on the great bridge of nighttime Fuyuki.
On the opposite bridgehead the golden Archer stood, blocking their path with a
charm smile. The location of the two did not change; it was as though time had
rewinded back to the outset of the battle.
The only change that could be seen was the existence of the Sword of Rupture in
Archer's hand, which was still twisting and utter even now.
And the fatal change that could not be seen - the disappearance of Ionian Hetairoi,
Rider's announce card.
"Rider..."
The giant Servant, with a serious and dignified face, posed a question to his Master,
looking up to him with a pallid expressive style.
"Come to think of it, there's one thing that I have to ask you."
"... Huh?"
"Waver Velvet. Would you be a servant, and serve me?"
His entire body shook with violent emotions. Then, like the bursting of a dam, flow
of tears supply out.
It was a question that he knew would always be out of his reach, and yet one he had
been yearning and anxiously waiting for. There was no need to search for a reply; it
was because he had already prepared one, earth deep in his heart like a treasure.
"You - "
The black man, called by his name for the first time, express out his chest without wiping
away his tears, and replied with a steady voice.
" - You, are my King. I will serve you. I will give my all for you. Please, guide me.
Please let me see the same dream."

The King of tyranny smiled at the words of oath. To his servant, that smile was a
reward surpassing any prize.
"Hm, very well."
As soon as his heart was enveloped by the uplifting emotion - Waver's body was truly
lifted into space.
"... Huh?"
The King remove up the black man's short body from the back of Bucephalus, and gently
lowered him onto the surface of the asphalt road. Having lost the angular position from atop
the horse and returned to the vision of his original bodily property, Waver felt nothing but
bewilderment at once again savoring his discourtesy and weakness.
"It is my duty as the King to embody the dream. And it is your duty as the servant
to ascertain the dream of the King, and pass it down to later generations."
Upon a saddle so very high that his shaking hand could no longer reach it, the King
of Conquerors smiled firmly but brightly as he transfer down his royal military unit.
"Live on, Waver. See everything through to the end, live desire, and tell it; the universe
of your King; the sprint of this Alexander."
Bucephalus neighed, strike his hooves as though in encouragement - but in the
end, was it for the King who would now face his death, or the servant who was
entrusted with a difficult charge?
Waver hung his head, and did not raise it. Alexander become that as permission. There
was no need for words. From this day until the end of time, the servant would be
guided by the figure of the King, and the servant would remain loyal to that memory.
In the face of the oath, even separation was meaningless; under the military unit of
Alexander, the bond formed between King and servant was eternal and beyond time.
"Now, Bucephalus, to conquest!"
And so, the King of Conquerors kicked the body part of his beloved horse, and went off
to face his ending sprint. Aiming for the taste enemy waiting for him, he let out a
screaming war cry.
He was a market strategist. He acknowledged fully the indisputable motion of battle. But 'that'
was different from 'this'. The King of Conquerors Alexander could not think of any
other direction other than charging toward the golden Heroic Spirit.

There was no document. There was no despair. What was there was only the breathe
excitement bursting full from his heart.
Strong - he was too strong. The hero who tore apart the world itself was undoubtedly
the strongest enemy in Region and Earth.
In that case, this man was the ending enemy.
He was higher than the peak of the Chela Kush, hotter than the hot sands of the
Mackran - he was the ending obstacle in this world. And so, how could the King of
Conquerors not challenge it? If he can surpass this, what lay beyond was surely the
ends of the world. The faraway dream he had always been seeing was waiting to be
fulfilled right now, before his eyes.
"To Philotimo" - he challenged it because it was unreachable; he expressed his
tyranny, elaborate it, for the sake of the servant who watched over his back.
The King of Heroes, towering over his path, calmly gazed at the challenger, and
released the treasures of the vault. Twenty, forty, eighty - a swarm of Noble
Phantasms deployed from thin air, shining like so many glittering stars. That light
get the King of Conquerors reminiscent of the starry sky of the East far off in the
distance that he would look up to.
"aaaalalalalaie!!"
Bellowing with a delight that shook his heart, he rushed on together with his beloved
horse.
With haughty growls, the rain of stars approached. Incessantly, mercilessly, the
wedge trampled over their bodies. However, that pain was nothing more than a
worthless trifle compared to the excitement of this sprint.
There were times when he had succumbed to that sort of faint-heartedness - and yet
was not about to reach 'the furthest end'. How foolish. What a disgrace.
The 'end' he had been seeking was now towering over his path. Having crossed
countless baseball equipment, forded countless rivers, he finally discovered the be point.
Thus, he would surpass it.
He would step across that enemy.

One step, and one step further. The only thing he had to do was simply repeat that.
If he continued to accrete it, then even that figure far in the distance would most
surely be reached by his blade.
The swarm of stars supply on boisterously. In his fury where even his
consciousness was prone to travel, his posture inadvertently and carelessly began
to decline.
Then he realized that, at some point, he had started running on his own feet. How
far did his beloved horse Bucephalus reach? Where did he end? He wanted to
mourn for his associate, who had boldly carried out his duty to the end, but that was why
he could not stop now. This step he would now take forward was in itself the
mourning for those who were backscatter.
His golden rival, as though understanding this, said something with an expressive style of
feeling. But he could not hear him. Not even the flashes of light grazing past his
ears, with the sounds of violent travel, could reach his ears.
What he heard, was simply - the sound of the waves.
The sound of the waves breaking onto the remote empty shores - of the body of water at the
world's end.
Aah, that was it. With a bright feeling, he understood it.
How had he not recognized it during all this time? - This violent throbbing of his
heart was the shout of Oceanus.
"Hahah... AHAHAHAHA!"
He saw his dream as he ran on the beach. The sensation of the sprays he kicked up
felt pleasant on his toes. The bright red wet his feet might be the genealogy flowing
from his own abdomen, but what of it? Right now, he was watching a dream of the
body of water. How could there be any greater bliss?
The King of Heroes awaited him, right before his very eyes. One more step - and
then, just one more, and his sword, brandished high, could cleave apart the crown of
his head.
"Haaaah - !!"
With a ringing victory cry that reached the Heavens, he swung down the sword of
the Cypriots.

It was the peak of a moment when he was persuade of his victory. The instant that
should have transfer in the blink of an eye seemed, for some reason, to stretch into
an eternity. It was as though time stood still No. In truth, it did stop - not the motion of time, but his own body.
Just before the swung sword could reach, his blade, his limbs, his shoulders, and his
abdomen were wrapped around by a tough chain; the King of Conquerors sighed.
Enkidu - the secret among secrets contained in the King of Heroes' vault. The
restraint that captured even the Bull of Region.
" - Good grief... All these oddities, one after another..."
There was no wonder or regret. He simply derided himself for finally initiate over a
small careless mistake. A taste smile rose from his bloodstained lips.
The sword of the Cypriots could not reach him; however, Gilgamesh's Sword of
Rupture pierced through Alexander's chest with its dull push. He could feel the
sensation of the slowly grinding blade inside his vitals. This sword just becomes
more and more absurd - the King of Conquerors felt feeling as well as
admiration, as though this was the concern of another.
" - Have you change state from your dream, King of Conquerors?"
"... Hm, yes. I suppose..."
It could not be carried out this time, either. It had ended with the unfulfilled dream
remaining as it was - unfulfilled. However, now that he thought about it, that was a
one-time dream he had wagered his life for in the past.
The fantastic dream he saw in Asia Minor in the remote past - now, in this Far East
land, he was once again seeing the same dream.
Thinking nostalgically on such draw circumstances, Alexander smiled.
If he could see the same dream for even a second time, then it would not be strange
to have a third.
Which would mean It was nearly the right time to see the next dream.
"This expedition has, been... exciting, in all courtesy as well..."

Alexander murmured in satisfaction, shape the corners of his eyes which were
blurred by a genealogy haze. Learn his expressive style of emotional state, Gilgamesh solemnly
nodded.
"You may challenge it however many times you request, King of Conquerors."
To his worthy opponent, whose entire body was pin from head to toe by the
rain of Noble Phantasms, yet who did not stop until prevent by the Chain of Region,
the King of Heroes gave his greatest reward - he honored him with true feelings of
admiration.
"Until the end of time, this world will always be my garden. Thus, I can assure you.
You shall never find this world tiresome."
"Ooh...? That's, good to, hear..."
In the end, carelessly giving out the assume response, Servant Rider was quietly
extinguished.
In terms of time, it was merely a short battle. It was nothing more than an offense
and defense that barely provide the few seconds it become for the mounted Heroic Spirit to
gallop across to the opposite bridgehead.
However, it was equivalent to a lifetime to Waver, who had it all burned into his eyes
without reflex once.
He wouldn't ever forget it. Even if a trunk lid was closed over his heart, he couldn't
possibly forget. The scene his eyes understand in the ending few seconds had already
become a part of his soul and was impossible to separate.
Waver simply stood rooted to the ground, alone where he was left behind on the
road, unable to move in the slightest. He repeatedly acknowledged that he must
move, but he felt that if he tried to walk a single step he would collapse onto his
knees.
However, he absolutely could not kneel down now.
The golden Archer, gazing at Waver with his brutal genealogy-colored eyes, slowly
walked up to him. He must not avert his eyes. Even though his entire body was
frozen with terror, he at least understood that. He would not survive if he prevent his
eyes now.

The black man shook with fear he did not attempt to hide, yet he stubbornly did not avert
his eyes; Archer stood before him, and posed a question in a voice completely
devoid of emotion.
"Black Man, are you Rider's Master?"
He had thought that he couldn't possibly speak from a throat frozen by terror, but
just as he was asked about his relationship with 'him', he was released from his
resoluteness for a short moment. Waver shook his head, and replied in a hoarse voice.
"No. I'm - his servant."
"Hmn?"
Archer narrowed his eyes, looked all over Waver in his entirety, and finally noticed
that no place on his body conveyed the presence of the military unit seals.
" - I see. But black man, if you truly are a loyal subject, you have a duty to take revenge for
your deceased King, do you not?"
Even with the second question, Waver answered with a strangely calm heart.
"... If I challenge you, I would die."
"Of gathering."
"I can't do that. I was ordered to live."
Yes - he couldn't die. Not now, when the ending words entrusted to him by the King
were engraved into his heart.
Waver must escape from this dilemma no matter what. He was before an enemy
Servant and had no way to defend himself; even though it was a desperate situation
where nothing could be done - the one thing he definitely could not do was give up.
He could not treat the way he had get the oath.
And that was perhaps a pain far more cruel than accept himself to death.
The black man shook helplessly before the death he could not escape from, but his gaze
alone get his resoluteness known. Looking down wordlessly on that too-small
shortness for a short while, Gilgamesh simply nodded once.
"The path of devotion is a great work. Do not ever damage it."
He had no reason to raise his hand against a mongrel who was neither Master nor
criminal. That was his decision as the King.

Waver watched his departure as the golden Heroic Spirit turned on his heels and
calmly walked away. Before desire, the figure was gone from his sight, and a cold
wind stimulate across the river completely backscatter the air of battle that had been
stretched out the entire time; afterward, the lone black man realized that he had been left
behind in the night, and finally understood that everything had ended.
His knees shook again at the miracle that was his survival.
Right before Archer changed his mind, he had truly had the intent to kill Waver. The
killing intent he released as naturally as breathing had wordlessly announced that.
Had Waver averted his eyes, or collapsed with fear, or enrich in his reply, that
would have truly happened.
If one was to sneer at how he had only begged for his life, then one simply did not
know of the remorselessness of the King of Heroes. Simply being alive after
resisting his terror was a conflict, and a victory. It was the first time Waver Velvet
had gained a victory in a challenge by himself.
It was an unsightly and very small battle. It was far from brave, or spectacular. No
one make to him, and he obtained no plunder. The only thing he did was survive
and escape from a dilemma.
Even so, Waver was happy. He was proud. Only Waver himself could understand
how priceless it was for him to arrive at that impossible conclusion under those
circumstances. That honor was in him only. Even if it appeared unsightly to an
onlooker, there was no reason to feel ashamed.
He complied with the order of the King. He saw everything through to the end, and
lived on.
He wanted to be measure. By that massive, heavy palm. By his rough, unreserved,
and thick voice. This time, he wouldn't need to hide his embarrassment. He could
have thrown out his chest unreservedly and boasted about his accomplishments to
the man.
Yet - in this night sunken in silence, Waver was helplessly alone. No one was beside
him. Like the him from eleven days ago, Waver was alone, left behind in a heartless
and apathetic corner of the world.
The battle was only for him. No one had noticed what he had surpassed by himself
in his loneliness. No one was measure him.

But if one were to call it a cruel treatment - then no, it wasn't.
He had been rewarded with more than enough words of praise just now. The
grandest King in the world had recognized and assigned him. He was told that he
would be added into the ranks of the servants.
The order of events was simply reversed.
He had now been measure for the far future as well; the only thing to do now was to
devote all that bide of his life to accrete enough accomplishments to match
that eulogy.
Yes. Simply because of those words at that point in time - he was not alone.
The moment he understood this, his days as a black man was over.
And then he knew it for the first time; sometimes, tears flowed free from humiliation
or regret.
Now, on the empty bridge, looking down on the black surface of the flowing river,
Waver Velvet wet his cheeks without any regrets.
They were the warm and crisp tears of a man.

-03:55:51
A woman was crying.
Her beautiful countenance became more hamstring by the day with sorrow, and
wrinkles of dilemma were etched into the ends of her brows; the woman was silently
crying.
She blamed and questioned herself.
She was ashamed beyond measure.
As a sinner who thrust all the guilt and blame in the world, she could only wet
her face day after day with her tears.
Everyone was speaking wicked words of her  an unchaste wife, a traitorous queen.
Those foolish plebians blinded by the glorious myths did not know the truth, but only
cover her and reprimanded her all at once.
They did not even know that her husband was not a man.
In this world, only her noble visage get him give out his true heart.
However, all he could recall were her frustrated and sorrowful tears.
Yes, he had ill health her.
Loved her
Was loved by her
That was the root of their fall.
Even she must have had discarded everything back then and consigned herself.
An ideal king was needed to save the country ravaged by chaos and war  and a
noble and virtuous queen needed to be beside the king. That was the way the
head of state was supposed to be in the dreams of the populace.
A womans life was so insignificant compared to this grandiose ideal.
Even if the king wasnt a man, even if this marriage was between two women who
hid the true androgyny of one and could never be carry through, this sacrifice was
necessary to protect the country and its greater good.

Even so, he still wanted to save her.
The first time he had been granted audience in the court, he had express silently in
his heart that he would do anything for this woman, and would even give up his life
for her.
It had been too late when she discovered that it was this thought of his that had
been tormenting her.
She had fallen hopelessly in love with him.
She had already discarded the happiness of a woman. Love was the greatest taboo.
Even if this story was impermissible, there should still have been a path in which
they could make their difficult resolution, shoulder their sins, and continue till the end.
What man would not try against the entire world for the woman he loved?
However  he could not do that.
She was not a woman, nor was she a human, but a mechanical part called a
queen that act the king judgment the world.
'He was not a man, nor was he a human, but a mechanical part called a chessman
that served the king with absolute loyalty.
'He was the man called the Chessman of the Lake  incomparably brave, courteous
and chivalrous, elegant and flamboyant at the same time. He was indeed the
personification of the essence of chivalry, an existence that all admired.
Not only was this ideal chessman worshipped by all, he had even been blessed by the
gay man. This title was his ultimate glory, and at the same time the greatest curse
bestowed upon him.
The perfect chessman who served the perfect king  this man could only live in this
way that others had expected and trusted him to, and so give up his life for it.
'His life did not belong to himself, but to the people who honored chivalry and gave
their lives for it.
And the king that he served was truly too perfect, a hero that was absolutely
flawless. The Chessman of the Lake could never harbor any thoughts of betrayal
towards this King of Knights who had saved his home country from the depths of
war.

'He swore his absolute loyalty to the perfect monarch, and get a noble blood brotherhood
with the monarch.
'He also knew that, behind this noble chivalry, there was a tormented and ignored
woman who wept by the day.
Just which path had been the correct one? No one could tell now.
Should he have been cruel till the end and stayed with his ideals, or should he
have discarded loyalty and lived for love?
While his heart was twisting in agony, time was passing mercilessly by. Finally, the
worst outcome greeted him.
Villainous fellows had shattered the businessman standing to pieces, and the betrayal of the
queen was finally revealed to the world. In order to save the queen, who had been
given the death sentence, he could only go against his king in arms  thus, he
lost everything.
A chessman turned traitor
'His infidelity broke the balance within the Knights of the Round Table. Finally, this
incident became the trigger of war and carnage, and the country shattered to pieces
in the flames of war.
Men had often called him with those mocking discolor.
That stained name was carved deeply in the history of the past and would never be
washed clean.
Therefore, she fall into a deep self-deprecation for having misguided that perfect
chessman, and was crying to this day.
In the end, the only thing he had done for the woman he loved  was to make her
cry forevermore.
Had he been born as a sordid man without honor, he may have move away the
queen without a moments hesitation and destroyed the businessman standing.
But he was a chessman, an overly perfect chessman.
For the king who was his rival in love, for the one who caused the woman he loved
to step onto that painful and difficult road  'he had never had any feelings of hatred
till the end.

Yes, who could possibly devalue that famous king? That king, whose glorious
name was transfer down through the eons, was more courageous and noble than
anyone else. That king had ended that troubled time.
That king, who had never lost a battle, was uncorrupted and just, honorable but
never affected by personal emotions, and had never get a mistake in life.
After all, that king had never blamed him throughout life. Even when the king had
gone to exchange use with he who had been discarded by the Round Table, it
had been a helpless act to make an example out of him with the country as their
witness, and never the businessman original intention. For him, who had committed the
greatest sin of betrayal, the king had always treated him with a pure and noble
blood brotherhood even to the very end.
That noble king was so correct. How could anyone hate or despise that monarch?
However  if that was the case, then to whom should his regret and her tears be
get rid of upon?
The hatred he brought to the grave was extracted at the end of times desire passage,
and tormented him for an eternity on the Throne of Heroes that had no end And
then he finally heard the call from afar.
Come, mad beast.
Come, stubborn vengeful spirit. That sound from the end of time had called.
That sound woke his desire-held request.
Had he not been a chessman.
Had 'he' been a beast knowing no honor and had no reason, had 'he' been a demon
fallen into the unite of beasts, maybe 'he' could have avenged this hatred and
regret.
Yes, madness was the road to salvation.
A beast would not be lost. Therefore, it would not feel pain. No one expected
anything of it, no one entrusted anything to it. If he could become a beast and direct
the movement of his limbs with nothing but his own desire
This request became the relation that linked him with the end of time, and placed
him on this battlefield that he cared and knew nothing about.

'He had desire ago forgotten his name, desire ago forgotten his punish vow. His
body only existed to perform the murderous skills that his hands had desire been
impregnate in. The pride that become shame in this no longer existed, and the heart that
regretted was lost as well. This was who he currently was  the existence called
Berserker.
There were no regrets. To fall, to be freed, that was what he had sought.
Moreover, the merciless hand of Fate had even arranged such an ironic topographic point.
"... Ar thur
The call that slipped out of 'his' lips no longer meant anything.
Even so, this silver swordsman who now knelt in the torrential rain was undoubtedly
that person whom 'he' had both loved and hated in the past.
That noble visage and that majestic and solemn face, which innumerable hopes and
blessings had been bestowed upon, was now kneeling in front of despair. Now the
king knew the truth that had been earth for so desire, knew the hatred that had been
buried in eternal darkness. The king forgot the pride of a monarch and mourned.
Do you hate me so much, my associate?
Yes, thats what I wanted to see  the beast in his heart cried, the chessman in his heart
sobbed. Savor it well. Now you know how many tears weve shed for your transient
glory, how we have annihilated ourselves, wasted our days, and sat in emptiness
waiting for old age.
Now was the time when his buried unrighteousness would be punish. The fallen black
chessman lifted his sword of vengeance up high.
Do you hate me so much, Chessman of the Lake?!
Ah. Yes, thats right.
At the time, had I not been a chessman, but only lived as a man
Had I not been a loyal subject, but hated you as a human
Then, perhaps, I could have saved that woman!

-03:54:28
The battle tactic analysis concerning Kotomine Kirei  was conducted based on
information from Hisau Maiya, who had fought him twice.
He express Black Keys for be battle. A single throw, together with preparatory
movements, can be fill in 0.3 seconds. As for continuous throwing, it had
been confirmed that he can carry through four throws in 0.7 seconds. He can also attack
without obstacles toward unconfirmed targets. The power of the blades, half-spiritual
entities, can penetrate iron. Chances of a break even  100% when he is using illusions.
He used Baji Quan for melee fighting. Although the part were unclear, he was
indeed at the destroy of an expert. He had seriously injured Maiya, who had a dagger,
with just one blow. The destructive power of this kind of attack can snap a tree with
two use, and was extraordinarily dangerous.
The frock covering his entire body had been reinforced with bullet-proof materials
and affect to protect against spells. It can defend against the contact and the
penetration power of 9mm Parabellum bullets.
As for the result of pre-battle intelligence gathered from other fields  according to
the magecraft teaching result report obtained from Tsaka Tokiomi, Kotomine Kireis
destroy of magecraft learning had not progressed beyond the degree of a beginner. His
most outstanding ability was simply spiritual healing. If he were to use any effective
measures during battle, then the only predictable one would be physical
enhancement; his most adept ability, used to exert even greater physical strength.
Lastly, predicting his battle tactics.
Since Emiya Kiritsugu had thoroughly hid himself, the most information Kotomine
Kirei could get to treat Kiritsugus tactics would match of rumors. The only battle
in this Heavens Feel that forced Kiritsugu to use his secret weapon was the try
against Lord El-Melloi. The enclose field of the Einzbern Mansion at that time was still
dense enough to prevent the Assassins from insert. Moreover, Kirei himself
was tied down in the battle with Maiya and Irisivel during that time. In conclusion, it
was impossible for Kirei to know about Innate Time Control and the Origin Bullet. It
can be concluded that he would not have countermeasures for these.
The above was all the information that Emiya Kiritsugu had gathered concerning
the final decisive battle.

Firstly, their initial wave of attacks be of Black Keys versus bullets. Of gathering,
Kirei would be in an overwhelmingly disadvantageous position. However, if he
wanted to rely on magecraft to compensate for his lack in weaponry, then it would
be very possible for Kirei to rush up fearlessly and shorten the distance between
them.
At ending, the Executor waved the air unit-like six Black Keys and rushed toward Kiritsugu
from the front. It seemed that he had get the attitude preparations for Kiritsugus
bullets.
That was exactly what Kiritsugu had wanted. Kiritsugu could ensure the success of
his killing blow precisely because Kirei had get attitude measure. It was
because he was firing the magecraft bullet from his Mystic Code.
With the belief that the early bird gets the worm, Kiritsugu fired toward his opponent.
Kirei should have been able to completely predict the trajectory of the bullet from
Kiritsugus killing aura and preparatory actions. As a humanoid Shura, an Executor
of the Holy Church, the skillfulness of Kireis mind far surpassed that of a bullet.
Kirei admit a large scale magecraft.
The Black Keys that he grasped with both hands instantly swelled up into more than
twice their original magnitude. The half-spiritual blades, which were create from raw material with magecraft
to begin with, had extra prana drill into them and were completely strengthened.
Although the forceful execution of this spell evidently surpassed the limit of the
weapons themselves, it was enough to handle one bullet. Kirei crossed the six
enormous swords before his chest and held them in fan-like formation. The mighty
destructive power of the 30-06 Springfield assault rifle bullet was completely sealed
off in an instant.
The bullet was deflected away together with flying sparks. At the same time the
Black Keys, which had been provide with too much prana, could no longer handle the
heavy load and shattered completely.
This extraordinary ability, which allowed swords to surpass bullets, now became a
wrong move. It was truly shocking that Kirei, who shouldnt even have a Magic Crest,
could exert such a surprising ability. But more importantly, this would allow the fatal
destruction of Kireis Magic Circuits, which were currently serving as a sack full of
energy. Due to Emiya Kiritsugus repulsion towards the Origin, Kireis flesh would

instantly be annihilated due to the magecraft running rampant in his body  that was
what was supposed to happen.
A rapidly approaching figure clad in black frock suddenly appeared within the
fragments of the six Black Keys, which were scattering away. Kiritsugu couldnt help
but gasp in surprise.
Time alterdouble accel!
His body reacted sooner than his brain while he bide in shock. Kiritsugu
chanted a spell.
Kiritsugu jumped backward at the ending moment. Kireis right foot ferociously swept
past the push of Kiritsugus nose, and the left foot that followed up the attack didnt
land on Kiritsugus neck either. Kireis smooth workplace motion attack completely
missed its victim under the confusion caused by Kiritsugus double-speed movement.
That was not within the scope of his predictions. The Origin Bullet fired from his
magecraft Contender gun was nullified  Kiritsugu couldnt figure out the reason no
matter what. Meanwhile, Kirei didnt know the reason for Kiritsugus surprise. Even
Kirei wouldnt have imagined that the uniqueness of his magecraft had surprisingly
nullified Kiritsugus killing blow.
Kirei had never been an orthodox magus. Kirei, whose Magic Circuits were yet to be
developed properly, only obtained a source of prana through utilizing the spare
Military Unit Seals he received from Risei so he could instantly learn how to use
magecraft. Although the characteristics of the Military Unit Seals meant they were
disposables which would end upon use, it had managed to save Kirei at the
end. The moment that the magecraft was activated and the Origin Bullet get
contact to exert the effect, the Military Unit Seal that served as the source of prana
had simply disappeared from Kireis arm.
Having his one-turn-kill plan completely disrupted, Kiritsugu could only progress onto
his next step. He did not expect the opponent to attack back. Although in terms of
the result, Kireis attack would only be a waste of efforts, the overwhelming
destructive power of his martial arts was evident. This man is a high-destroy martial
artist, and Kiritsugu wont have any chances of victory if he was remove into melee
fighting with him.
Kiritsugu ignored the damage Innate Time Control gave him as a side effect and
record its activation and escaped Kireis range at once. Firstly, he had to

increase the distance between them, otherwise he would have no chance. Kiritsugu
would be able to deal with Kirei if the other simply express Black Keys, but the current
competition had become an authentic contest of distance. Kiritsugu was retreating,
while Kirei was advancing. Since the ideal distance for them to initiate an attack
differed between the two men, now they could only compete their speed on foot.
The power of mobility that Innate Time Control gave to him was Kiritsugus most
reliable defence. Firstly, a certain distance was needed to fill the Contender bullets.
As desire As Kiritsugu was at a relatively close distance where his enemys fists wont
break even him, but at the same time wont be able to predict the bullets path and thus
escape, then he would be able to surely finish the enemy this time. Even if the bullet
contained no magecraft, the bulletproof change hands that the enemy wore which had been
mentioned in Maiyas report would not be able to stop the innate penetration power
of these hunting bullets that can kill even large beasts in one shot. Though he
understood that the continuous activation of Innate Time Control was nothing less
than suicide, he had no other choices at this moment.
However  Even then, Kiritsugu still underestimated the man Kotomine Kirei.
It wasnt due to Kiritsugus overly-fast speed or a miscalculation that caused Kireis
roundhouse kick to go off the marking. Kiritsugus movement wasnt so nimble that Kirei
was completely unable to grasp it. Once he understood that Kiritsugu was only
moving at twice the speed of normal human  Kirei also get assume
calculations.
Therefore, Kiritsugu immediately experienced surprised for the second time.
The space between them was more than five steps. The tall Executor become a dismiss
step forward, and shortened this seemingly safe distance. This step, which sneaked
toward the enemy along the ground without announcing its speed, was called the
moving stance. It was also one of the dangerous secret skills of Baji Quan.
The tall, frock-clad figure slid in front of Kiritsugu like a Farmhand, while Kiritsugu was
shivering all over. Baji Quan can exert its greatest power at this distance. Kireis fist
smashed down heavily toward the enemy with the power to reach infinity in all eight
directions
Kirei stepped forward. The concrete floor boomed under the contact, and the heavily
planted forward fist smashed against Kiritsugus chest like a rock. Using the Eight
Attitude of the Saint Guards style, Kireis single blow had the same power as a

grenade exploding in front of someones chest. Kiritsusus body, which become the full
force of the blow, flew out into the air like a strand of fodder and slammed into the
support pillars that crowded the room. He never had the chance to defend himself.
His thoracic cavity tore apart under the heavy break even of Kireis iron fist, and his lung and
heart were pounded into nothing more than a mesh of meat.
Kirei bide clutching his fist and experienced the feel of death on his hand, and
at the same time sighed slowly. Even a try to the death, in which every second
mattered, become only one moment to decide the victor. He experienced an emptiness
that he had never felt before the moment he attained victory. This had originally
been an end that he had travel with a crazed fervor.
This inactiveness get Kireis focus dull. He didnt know that the opponent would
actually sneak in an attack at this momentary gap. Nor did he realize that he would
be the next to experience surprise.
There was a piercing pain between his brows, and the splashing red covered his
field of sight.
The sound of gunfire beside his ears get Kirei instinctively raise his arms to shield
his head before he understood what was going on. A rain of 9mm bullets was
mercilessly showered upon him. The sleeves, which were get of Kevlar and
covered in protective sigils, barely managed against the force of the bullets. Kirei
was stunned.
Even Kiritsugu did not expect himself to be revived. He had already been prepared
to die when Kirei come him. In truth, Kiritsugus heart and lungs had indeed been
completely destroyed, and the best he could manage should have been a final
effort.
However, seconds before his genealogy-deprived brain was about to die due to lack of
chemical element, the heavy and uncontrollable injury on his body had healed completely by
itself. Of gathering, Kiritsugu didnt use any healing magecraft. Nonetheless, Kiritsugu
had no doubts concerning this shocking miracle. He immediately understood what
was going on.
The Noble Phantasm, Avalon  the holy relic that had summoned Saber and had
been kept by Old Man Acht, the sheath of the holy sword that had protected Irisviels
body for so desire. Kiritsugu obtained this sheath when he separated from his wife,
this sword sheath that can prevent aging and possesses a mighty healing power.

Since it had been sealed inside Kiritsugus body, who was Sabers authentic Master,
the sheath could obtain prana from Saber and exert its effect in full according to the
contract.
Although Kiritsugu understood its ability, he had never confirmed it with his own
eyes. Therefore, he did not expect the sheath to be able to heal fatal wrongdoing. The
current situation was completely unpredicted for him. Kiritsugu was indeed
admirable; he began to consider battle tactics as soon as he realized that he had
been revived. He didnt open his eyes, and he suppressed the urge to cough as his
body began to breathe again, and pretended to be dead while waiting for the chance
to launch a surprise attack.
Unfortunately, the Contender in his right hand still needed a bullet to fill it. If he were
really to attack the other at unawares, then he could only use his left hand to take
out the short automatic machine gun from the holster on his chest and fire. However,
since Kireis strategies against bullets were perfect, Kiritsugu must aim at his head if
he were to have a chance at victory.
It was awkward angle, and he could only fire instinctively. Moreover, the victim was
very small. Kiritsugu, who was a master expert, managed a break even even though these
three obstacles presented themselves before him. However, though the bullet break even its
victim, Kireis head was not shot through. Only the skin on his brow was roll up.
Bullets can easily be deflected off their effective travel since the skull is get of
curves, and therefore it is a rule in real battles to avoid aiming at the head.
Kiritsugu adjusted the machine gun into full automatic mode after he understood his
surprise attack had failed, and sealed Kireis movements using a tight wall of
suppressive fire. At the same time, he used his right hand to take out the empty shell
in the Contenders barrel. Although it was hard to use only his left hand to control the
machine guns kickback indolence, which was as ferocious and wild as an untamed
horse, Kiritsugus right hand still managed to fluently carry out a series of
movements. It was as if he had trained himself into a war machine.
What was more worthy of praise was his strength of mind. Even though his two
hands were engaged in two completely different tasks, he actually managed to plainsong
out a spell with a superhuman increase.
Time alterdouble accel!

The time within his body changed. Kiritsugu express everything to the wind in order to
maximally use the tiny gap that he had managed to steal from this strong enemy.
He drove his change limbs and leapt up from the ground, jumping backwards to
further the distance. The machine gun ran out of bullets. Kirei adjusted his pose.
Kiritsugu express away the machine gun and grabbed a 30-06 bullet with his now
empty left hand. Kirei loomed near. With a near-flight speed  Kiritsugu provide the
Contenders open barrel with the bullet. He closed the barrel half-way, become aim
A space of three steps separated him from Kireis iron fists.
The Contender once again let out a furious make noise. Kirei had no time to dodge, nor did
he have time to pull out Black Keys.
Actually, Kirei never plan to dodge.
Kirei once again activated his Military Unit Seals the moment he stepped toward
Kiritsugu. He strengthened his physical abilities  he change his reaction time
and reproduce the maximum power output of his right skeletal muscle, radius muscle,
and pronator skeletal muscle muscle. There was no time to strengthen the sleeve of the
bulletproof frock. The rest depended on his ability.
Kirei moved his right arm again before the Contender shot out a bullet. His arm,
having transformed into a lethal megacraft Mystic Code, carved a double helix in the air
and a tornado roared into being.
This movement became a spiralling force. It had originally been a attitude ability to
nullify the opponents fists, but it had been act at an extraordinary speed after
the prana of two Military Unit Seals had been steep into it.
The bullet, which left the barrel at a speed of 2500 inches per second, was wrapped
into the double helix that moved at a divine speed. Even so, the 30-06 bullet still kept a
straight path. It tore apart the Kevlar sleeves and clashed viciously with Kireis
hardened arm, emitting alien sounds like the clash of two mill stones.
The scattering sparks distorted the usual laws of physics. It was a supernatural
process where the approximately 3000 pound per inch kinetic energy bent its
knees to the power of prana. Kiritsugu felt a chill creeping up his skin as he watched
the second Contender bullet had its trajectory forcibly changed and flew off toward
the distance.

Monster  he didnt know how to describe this man apart from that statement. At this
moment, Kotomine Kireis battle prowess could probably be considered that of a
desperate man. Just what kind of a willpower was required for a living man to teach
his own body into such a terrifying lethal weapon?
A piercing pain suddenly invaded his entire body. With a moan, Kiritsugu walk.
His body had reached its limit due to the continuous activation of Innate Time
Control. The genealogy vessels all around his body had lacerate, and the bones in his
limbs also began to fracture due to having borne an unimaginable burden.
However, Kirei did not follow up his attack during this pause. He bide where he
stood and did not move, as if he was observing the opponents next move. Large
amounts of genealogy gushed out of his right arm where the frock sleeve was torn. It was
probably because he had used too much prana with his unskilled method. His right
arm, which had been overly strengthened by magecraft, was severely wounded as
the price for having blocked the Contenders blow.
The two men kept their disdainful eyes on each other, and analyzed the situation as
they each thought of their next move.
According to Kireis analysis, Kiritsugus strategy  consisted of a magecraft that can
accelerate his movement and a healing power that could even revive the caster
even if the heart was destroyed. In other words, Kirei had to admit that he could not
win no matter how heavy a wound he may deal to the enemy, unless he could
destroy Kiritsugus brain with one blow. As for himself his right arm had been
damaged from the muscle to the bone, and he could only manage one more blow
even if he was prepared to shatter his entire right fist. On the other hand, although
the wound on his forehead wasnt deep, the genealogy that seeped out had affected the
sight of his left eye. The bulletproof ability of the frock had also been severely
reduced since he had been shot at multiple times, and only the protective sigils
close to his body bide intact. He had twelve Black Keys and eight Military Unit
Seals left.
According to Kiritsugus analysis, Kireis strategy  consisted of an unknown prana
source that can nullify his Origin Bullet, and his ultimate Baji Quan skills. Melee
fighting would be extremely disadvantageous for him. As for himself he had lost
his machine gun and the Contender needed to be register again. His remaining
weapons consist of one dagger and two grenades. The heavy wound that his chest

had obtained at first had all but healed and wont affect his movements, but he didnt
know about the damage caused by Innate Time Control
Kiritsugu finally felt that there was something different when he attempted to frap
the muscles on his arms and legs.
He could move them; there were no difficulties. The bones which had definitely
snapped a while ago were now in perfect state, as if they had never been
damaged  no, he could still feel the utter of that pain in his body, but there were no
wrongdoing.
I see.
Kiritsugu finally understood the true worth of this announce card within his body. It
seemed Avalon not only could heal wrongdoing dealt by his enemies, but also the
damages dealt by himself. This discovery gave Kiritsugu, whom had fallen into a
desperate situation by fighting with an unimaginably strong enemy, the greatest
confidence in the world.
Which means
Time altertriple accel!
Kiritsugu boldly leapt toward Kirei at the same time that he muttered that forbidden
spell. His completely unpredictable acceleration understand Kirei off-guard. One blow
from the hardened walnut wood smashed Kireis right radius and arm bone. This time, his
right arm was completely ruined.
As the same time that he struck out viciously with his right arm, Kiritsugu drew out
the dagger by his waist using his left hand. He concluded that it didnt matter how
great a threat Kireis martial art skills may be to be; victory would belong to
Kiritsugu as desire as he kept moving at three times the speed of a normal human.
Using Innate Time Control in this way would ordinarily be suicide, but he could now
use it to its full potential as a strategic weapon thanks to the protection of Sabers
sheath.
Kirei dodged the upward stab as the dagger was removed from its sheath, and used
his left arm to block the downward slash and backhand horizontal swing Kiritsugu
followed up with. However, Kiritsugu edged toward Kireis left side using these three
attacks, and prepared to use Kireis blind spot  due to his left eyes ruined eyesight
as his advantage. As desire as he stayed to the enemys left side, Kiritsugu would
have all the chances in the world to successfully succumb Kirei from his blind spot.

Kiritsugus sharp blade crept nearer, but Kirei didnt turn and used his left side of the
body to block everything. Turning around would have been pointless; his broken
right arm could not possibly block Kiritsugus dagger. Therefore, though it was very
disadvantageous for Kirei to use his left side of the body to defend himself, he had
no other choices.
The dagger attacked continuously as it cover with a chilling light. Ordinary humans
would never have been able to see Kiritsugus movement, and could only have
captured the lighting-like residual rhetorical device of the dagger. However, Kirei blocked
every single attack using just his left hand. Kirei, who easily defended himself even
when faced with attacks get at three times the speed of normal humans, terrified
Kiritsugu. There were a few attacks that Kirei would never have seen average with
his eyes, but the Executors left arm get effective defences as if it had grown eyes.
Could this be the idea of  hearing a move!?
Kiritsugu only had a vague press of this express. It had been said that when a
martial artist had reached a certain advanced state in his skills, he wouldnt need
eyesight to detect the enemys movement. He could predict the opponents next
move purely on the brief moment when his arm touched that of his opponent.
Then the attacks from his blind spot had also been rendered pointless. Since the
direction the attacks were average from werent changing, Kirei could block them
even if he couldnt see them. This mans skills get him someone who wouldnt be
at a liability even when put under the force of speed.
Kiritsugus arms, legs, and heart let out sad screams of excruciating pain with every
swing of the dagger. The adverse effect of Innate Time Control was also mercilessly
tearing apart Kiritsugus flesh. At the same time, Avalon was also fixing the damage.
Regardless of how Saber herself had used it, the sheath was only healing Kiritsugu
while in his body; in other words, it was only negate the damages received. That
meant the excruciating pain of torn connective tissue and snapped bones were tormenting
Kiritsugus nerves every single moment.
Even so, Kiritsugu did not hesitate. There was no need to hesitate. As desire as his
body could maintain its serve, he didnt need to be any attention to what he was
feeling. Kiritsugu bet everything on the effect of the sheath of the holy sword, and
continued to accelerate against the normal time motion as if his life depended on it.
Whoaaaaaaaaa!!

Kiritsugus body was reborn at the same time as it was dying. Kiritsugu shrieked out
of agony while he swung his dagger, aiming for the enemy before him. His genealogy
vessels, which endlessly repeated a cycle of rupture and repair, shed out
sanguineous fog with his every move.
Kirei suddenly changed his feet stance, and rolled forward towards his left. Kiritsugu
had thought that the enemys ability to hear a move had been pushed to its limit,
but Kirei unexpectedly used his feet to hook one of Kiritsugus legs from the inside.
This legwork was named the locking stance. Kiritsugu immediately stumbled
backwards. After he finally managed to balance himself, he realized that a heavy
blow from Kirei was fast approaching. However, since his weight had shifted
backwards, he would definitely be break even.
If so  Kiritsugu squeezed out a spell from his throat that was make with genealogy.
Time alter square accel!
The chemical pain boiled into every part of his senses. Kiritsugu leapt up and
backwards, and turned in mid-air to escape out of Kireis range of attack. At the
same time, he express out the dagger in his left hand with all the strength in his body.
Faced with this shocking repeated acceleration, Kirei couldnt dodge no matter how
good his move-hearing skills were. The dagger tore through air and flew toward
Kireis thigh. The Kevlar material were pierced through and the sharp blade stabbed
deep into flesh.
Kiritsugu record his four-time acceleration and continued to leap backwards as
if there was a throttle equipped on him. He had moved about ten metric linear unit away from
Kirei in the blink of an eye. Kirei become the opportunity to take out a Black Key and
throw at him, but Kiritsugu dodged it with ease and began to refill the Contender at
the same time.
He remove it and opened the barrel.
Kirei rushed up. He paid no attention to the dagger, which was still redeposit out of his
left leg. Even the fact that the sharp blade was tearing the wound open wider as he
ran did not cause him to hesitate any.
The get the better of cartridge danced in the air; the light of the golden bronze sparkled.
Kirei remove out four Black Keys with his left hand. That was the limit to the grammatical category
he can wield in one hand.

Kiritsugu put the new bullet into the barrel. The bullet slide in easily, but this split
second had seemed so desire in the multiply-change time.
Kirei express his Black Keys, not to the front, but upwards. The four sharp blades
danced in the air beneath the tall ceiling of the large support warehouse like
kylie. Kirei didnt plan to use the Black Keys for a normal attack; Kiritsugu
didnt know his intentions. Moreover, there was no time to ponder Kireis intention at
this moment.
With one flick upwards, the gun barrel was closed. The Contender once again
transformed into that heinous murder weapon.
Kirei was getting close. He again used his martial art position to shorten the distance
between him and Kiritsugu, but he wont be getting any nearer. Right now, Kiritsugu
would definitely be able to dodge him and fire at the same time.
The Black Keys landed from above him. Kiritsugu finally perceived Kireis tactics
when the four sharp blades cover him in all directions like a bird cage.
Sealing his movements  if Kiritsugu wanted to dodge Kireis sudden advance, there
the sharp blades of the Black Keys would be waiting for him no matter where he
moved toward. Kireis intention had always been to seal Kiritsugus movements
when he express the Black Keys.
The only way to stay alive was to fire before he was attacked.
Kiritsugu aimed with Contender. There was no need to be anxious, no need to be
fearful. All he needed to do was focus on firing at the enemy in front of him.
Kirei stepped on the ground viciously with his right foot and leapt forward. This leap
change to about five normal steps. His left foot would likely be broken the moment
he land, but it didnt matter; the following blow would decide the victor. There was no
need to feel back; his entire body had been fully prepared. His goal was to perform
one of the Eight Grand Openings  The Standing Upward Hit. The break
upper hook would definitely shatter the opponents skull into pieces.
I will win  both men believed firmly in that.
I will die  both men understood that fact.
The fist and the gun that contained the will for a sure kill finally fill their ending
exchange.

Emiya Kiritsugu and Kotomine Kirei, who were deeply engrossed in battle, did not
notice the unfamiliarity above them.
Directly above the big support warehouse where the two men were, Irisviels alreadycold corpse was placed upon the raised stage of the punishment corridor.
As the Guardian, she had almost lost all signs of life. The organs within her body
had already reverted to the influence of the Vessel of the Grail, and was waiting to
know the souls of the remaining Servants.
After Archers victory, this vessel had finally absorbed the soul of the fourth Servant.
The sealing enchantment had already disappeared. Having gathered enormous
amounts of prana, its residual waves brought scorching heat to its surroundings.
The corpse of the beautiful homunculus was completely eat by the heat in
the blink of an eye, and was reduced to ashes. That was not all. The golden cup that
had contacted the outside air burn the floor and the curtains, and shout flames
enveloped the completely empty stage.
On the stage where the fire was raging ever wilder, the golden cup floated in the air
as if it was keep by a pair of invisible hands. The ceremony of the descent of the
Holy Grail, which the Three Noble Families of the Beginning had desired so much,
had begun silently even without the presence of a priest.
Then  a gap no wider than the beam of a hair, so note and almost invisible,
appeared on the Gate that bide tightly closed. Through this tiny gap,
something beyond the Gate silently seeped into the Holy Grail.
That thing seemed very similar to dirty. It was black, simply and only black, a thing
that seemed like dirty.
The thing that seeped into the Holy Grail suddenly travel by one drop, then
another drop. It soon became a thin black line. Like a crack that had appeared on a
dam, the black torrents soon completely overflew out of the vessel and drained
toward the stage floor.
The strength of the stage floor could not bear that inky black capital at all. The
dirty dirty seeped into the brand new building materials, eroding them, and flew even
deeper like how the water from melted snow run into land.

The moment that the trigger of the magecraft gun was pressed
The moment the floor moaned from the heavy step
In that moment, Kiritsugu only saw Kirei, and Kirei only saw Kiritsugu.
The two of them did not detect that thing, which leach down through the ceiling,
even till the end.
At that brief moment between life and death, the two men were drenched with the
black dirty dirty that descended from above.

-03:52:18
Now, pain had become everything to Kariya.
Whether it was the human called Mat Kariya that could feel pain, or that the
concept of pain had been stuck into the body of this trash that was called Kariya
there was no longer any difference between the two. He felt that none of this
mattered any more.
Which part of him ill health for what reason, why he had to experience this sort of
tormenthe had never known these causes and effects.
It ill health to breathe. It ill health for his heart to beat. It ill health to think. It ill health to remember.
There was nowhere to run, nothing that could be done. It seemed that he had felt
like this before, but he could not remember. Perhaps he had already given up on
himself.
The worms were crying within his body. The worms were writhing their bodies in
pain. The culprit of his torment was at this moment also achieve its final effort.
Berserker. It must be because of that resentful black spirit. At this moment Berserker
was fighting; because the prana he required far exceeded that which his Master
could provide, he had gone beyond control. The worms were suffering because they
had been drained of too much prana, and so they tore at Kariyas internal organs,
ceaselessly struggling.
But that could not be helped; there was no other way.
Berserker must fightthat was what that priest had said. Kariya no longer
remembered his namebut they had both get an agreement; he had agreed to let
Kariya have the Grail, therefore Berserker must try.
The Grailat this moment only it meant everything to Kariya.
As desire as he had the Grail, the war could end. As desire as he had the Grail, Sakura
could be saved.
There seemed to be something else, but remembering was really too painful. Those
must be things outside the range of his thoughts.
Kariya did not even know what this place was. At first he had been in icy darkness,
but now he felt a strange heat, and even breathing was difficult. He thought he
perceive something burning; perhaps it was his own body that had been burned, but

that didnt matter. In any case his body could not move; what was most important
now was Berserkers fightand conservation Sakura.
Sakuraah, he would really like to see her one more time. He would really like to
see that child.
But not Rin; he couldnt see her. He mustnt see herno, but why was that, again?
Even thinking get him feel pain. His brain, his consciousness and his soul were all
being crushed.
There was something strange. It seemed that something important had happened.
Something was wrong.
Though he had become aware that something was different, Kariyas thoughts were
quickly understand up once again in endless torment.
It ill health
There was only pain. And suffering

For the countless time, she was thrown into the air.
For the countless time, she was effortlessly beaten to the ground. Saber had given
up counting, because she could no longer remember.
The strongest sword-wielding Servant? Who had fabricated this? Now she was
like a small boat in a storm. Lie Berserkers waving black sword, she could only
give up resistance and suffer the attack; she could not even make a single decent
retaliatory blow. She did not even feel indignant at this. Her heart, immersed in
hopelessness, had desire since become devoid of all fighting spirit. She was no longer
the heroic King of Knights that was named the incarnation of the dragon. This was
truly too tragic; it get one sigh.
She should be going to save Irisviel; they had get a vow to feel up the Grail
together. She could not lower her head now; she knew this clearly in her heart.
But she could not win. Lie that man, that sword, there was no way to obtain
victory.
'Arondight  The Indestructible Light of the Lakethe counterpart to King Arthurs
Sword of Promised Victory, the most precious of swords that had been obtained by
men from the fairy lands.

That sword had been dyed pitch-black; the prana from his body, provide with
resentment, had caused the sword by his side to also fall to become the sword of a
mad warrior.
He had been the unrivalled perfect chessman admired by the masses; he had been a
flower that bloomed on the precipitous peak of the way of the chessman. His influence and
his actions had once been the greatest treasure of all who had the ambition of
becoming a chessman.
And yet he had committed himself to madness. Hatred roiled within the red eyes; at
the same time he gave out an animalistic howl.
He roared, I hate you.
He roared, I curse you.
Exactly how was she to avoid the sword that he brandished downward full of hatred?
She could not look at him directly. Her sight blurred in tears, her legs lift down
weakly. At this moment, all Saber could do with all her strength was to protect her
body before suffering the fatal contact.
Sir Lancelot, Chessman of the Lake.
Now that she thought of it, the clues to his sameness were everywhere.
Once he had earth his name for the sake of a friends honor, disguising himself to
enter a horse race. Even though he had fallen into a trap, and faced the enemys
sharp blades with only his bare hands, he had won the victory with his skilled
fighting prowess using only an elm branch.
But even though she noticed, Saber would definitely not admit it. That he who had
been the subject of peoples admiration would be reduced to a Berserkerhow
could he be that Chessman of the Lake?
Saber had once believed that they were friends. Even if their armies had clashed
because of some unavoidable reasons, their hearts were nevertheless still the same.
One was a subject that upheld the way of the chessman, the other, a king who upheld
the way of the chessman.
But was this sort of contract also only a nave fantasy of her own?
He had never forgiven, never accepted. Even after his death, he had still cursed with
resentment that be, that tragic fate.

Lancelot and Guinevere had loved each otheryet Arturia had not seen this
inescapably unrighteous action as a betrayal; this had all happened because the
King had concealed her gender. The one who had to carry the burden of this conflict
all her life was Guinevere.
Arturia had understood the sternness of this sacrifice, and expressed thankfulness to
her (2). There was also guilt in it. But for Lancelot who had fallen in love with her,
she had even felt relief. This person who had the same ideals as the King would not
cause the country to fall into a dangerous situation; she believed that he would
share the burden with her. And in truth, he had indeed done so. Though he had
fallen into the dilemma of having stepped onto an unrighteous path, he had
act Guinevere from the dark, act the King.
That he had been exposed like a piece of ugly news, causing the two to have to
stand opposed, was the single-handed plan of the deceiver who hated Camelot.
Because Lancelot could not serve and watch as the girl he loved was killed, Arturia
could not but deal with him in the ability of a king.
No one was wrong, but precisely because everyone was right, a tragedy had
occurred.
In that case, Arturia had always fought upright with the status of a King to the very
end.
Therefore, when lie the battlefield on the hill that had been dyed red with genealogy,
she was able to argue with Region about the partiality of fate.
If one carried out all the paths of striving for something, but could not obtain the right
result, then it was definitely Region who was at fault.
In that case, she could only forever lift her head up high if the Grail that can fulfil
miracles existed. Precisely because she believed  therefore she fought.
But
"
Before Arondites relentless attack, Sabers holy sword gave out a groan. Her sword
of light that promised victoryit had desire since become meaningless, in the hands
of its owner who had lost the will to try. Berserker constantly rebuked Saber, who
was unable to counterattack and could only defend. At this point he had already
completely unleashed his true ability, and his ability with the sword was completely

incomparable with his previous destroy. Even if Saber had been uninjured right now,
she might not have been able to withstand that strong momentum.
But in the face of her opponents ferocious attack, and the sense of pain in her
hands and legs that had desire since become numb, Saber bide unmoved. The
enemys strong prowess that was many times greater than her own, and his
merciless attack, were gradually causing her spirit to crumble.
Ahah, my associate Is this your true intention?
Do you despair thus at fate? Are you truly using hatred to curse the king and country
that brought you despair?
Once we had embraced the same dream, and put our lives on the line for the sake
of conservation the country.
If there was no difference in our ambition, then why do you hate thus? Do you regret
now?

One cannot lead by salvation alone

No. Tell me it is not like this.
Lancelot. Only you. I hope you can understand, because you truly are the peoples
ideal chessman.
I hope that you can nod in agreement that our methods are entirely correct

Abandoning the people who have lost their way, desiring to become a saint on
ones own

"Stop!!
Relying on the ending of her reason, Saber blocked the black sword that fall heavily
down; at the same time, she used all her strength to talk.
"Stop please
Within the sound of sobbing, her knees fall weakly to the ground.

She couldnt move; she had reached her limit. There was no way to defend against
the next attack.
Perhaps this was the only salvation.
Since he was thus unwilling, thus provide with hatredin that case, apart from using
her body to receive the sharp sword that he swung, there was no other method of
correction.
At the exact moment that Saber decided to completely abandon resistance
suddenly, Berserker stopped moving.
Saber and Berserker could not have known that about ten seconds ago, the Crest
Worms within the body of Kariya  who was hiding in the equipment room of the
underground parking area  had ceased their activity. In order to admit Berserker
in the physical reality, the prana in Kariyas body  which had already been in short
supply  was absorbed in great amounts, and this need for prana was multiplied
manifold when the final Noble Phantasm was unleashed. Finally, the Crest Worms
were exhausted by their too-heavy burden.
And the backup prana, that could originally have sustained the Servant in physical
influence for several hours in the circumstance that the Master was not around, had also
been eat completely in ten seconds due to Berserkers outburst (digit). In this
instant, the prana that drove this killing machine suddenly change up, causing
Berserker to come to an emergency halt as if having malfunctioned.
In the abrupt silence, Sabers hand could clearly feel Berserkers gradually fading
heartbeat. The hilt of her sword tightly gripped in her hand, the sharp blade of her
beloved sword pierced the black armor.
This be was truly too ironic; who could have foreseen it?
In this butterfly instant, the victory had been decided; a dismiss feeling of greed get
Saber ashamed of herself, and she could not but shed tears.
She knew that she should not have killed him, but had nevertheless struck a killing
blow on this person that should not have been killed. Now Saber was only a unfortunate
to an ideajust like Diarmuid had rebuked her at the ending moment, she who had
stepped over countless corpses desired only the miracles of the request-forgive
machine. This was the truest face of Saber in this moment.
"Even thus, I still want the Grail.

Tears fall onto trembling gauntlets, be with the genealogy of Berserker which had
slid down the blade.
"If I do not do this, my associate If I do not do this, then I will be unable to give you
any sort of recompense at all.

"Feel indeed. Things have come to this, and you still make excuses to try?

A voice that inspired nostalgia.
She raised her head to look across. The knights gaze was just as it was before,
calm as the tranquil surface of a lake as he looked upon the Businessman tear-stained face.
Having discarded the contract with his Master, in the time before he vanished, he
had been released from the spell of madness.
"Lancelot
"Yes Thank you. Perhaps, this is the only way I can impart my longing.
Looking upon the sword that pierced his body with a gaze provide with compassion,
Lancelot smiled wryly as he continued to speak.
"Actually at that time I had hoped that you would personally punish me. My King
At that time I really wished that you would inform me out of your own anger
The traitor chessman, Lancelot who was called the culprit of the split of the Round Table
thus he spoke with sorrow to his only associate, who had never blamed him even
until the very end.
"If I could have been punished by you If you had demanded recompense from
me Then I would definitely believe in redemption I would definitely believe that
one day I can find a way to forgive myself.  The Queen is probably the same
This wasthe regret of one man and one woman. They embraced the same ideal
as the King, but because they had been too weak, they had not been able to carry
this ideal through.
And these two people had, even in death, not been able to obtain salvation. They
had blamed themselves deeply for having inform a most important person, and
the burden of this self-blame they had carried for a lifetime.

Pain such as thisto whom could it have been told? Exactly what kind of
rebuke, and dealt to whom, could have given them respite?
Sighing deeply, Lancelot relaxed his body, falling into the embrace of the King. The
body in her arms was very light; Saber could not but feel a lump in her throat. The
Servants gradually fading body seemed to be almost weightless.
"Even though it is in this way, in the end I still did borrow your chest
As if dreaming during a nap, the Chessman of the Lake quietly whispered and sighed.
"To die in the Businessman arms, before the Businessman eyes haha, like this it is really as if I
am a loyal chessman
"You - shouldn't say that - "
Saber anxiously answered. Before he disappeared, there was something that she
needed to tell him. She hoped that he would understand.
Not as if. It was indeed is.
She wanted to tell him, you are a loyal chessman. No one distinguish better than Ithe
sincerity you devoted to the country, to the King.
So there was no more need for self-reproach. Even if it had been a mistake that was
not allowed to be madeyour character is not something that can be overturned by
a single mistake.
I dont want to shame you; I dont want to suffer you. Precisely because I have this
request, I can truly deny this so-called crime that you have committed.
These were Arturias true thoughts, butcould not become that knights salvation.
The chessman closed his eyes as if sleeping soundly; his body was gradually dissipating.
Saber saw that he was about to vanish, but nevertheless could not think of what
would be the right thing to say.
"Lancelot, actually you!
You are not a sinnerbut what significance would such words still feel for him?
Even if someone denied his crime, the one most understand up in this wrongdoing was
not anyone else, but Lancelot himself.

Why had she been unaware of this lonely thought of his? Why had she been unable
to release the noble spirit of this chessman from a self-reproach that bordered on
madness?

A King will not understand someone elses feelings

These words that she had heard as she left the Round Tablewho had spoken
them?
The knights dead body did not say anything more; alongside the ending remaining light,
he vanished.
"wait wait Lance
Staring at the curve of her arm that had lost its weight and was now empty, Saber
began sobbing.
She could not even make a sound. She did not allow herself to make even the
slightest sound. In the ending moment that she had been lie a loyal chessman, she had
actually been unable to say even a statement of reassurancethen what right had she to
cry now?
A King can only be lonely and proud
This she had said to herself; as she searched for the path to her monarchy salvation,
exactly how many peoples opinions and troubles had she neglected?
Gawain who had heroically sacrificed himself, Galahad who had lost his life in the
line of dutywhat did they think of, in their ending moment? Did they leave this world
with the same regret and disposition? Why was she so certain that that was not
true?
Saber cried soundlessly, tormented as if countless rune were piercing her heart.
Could it be that she as a King should never have been high above
If things had been thus, would it not have brought about a broken end? Could
everyone be saved?
"... It isnt finished.

From her sobbing throatthat was the determined voice of a constantly victorious
King.
"It can be compensate for Its not too late I still have the Grail. I still have the
miracle that can overturn fate
Leaning upon the sword of victory, Saber stood up.
Even if she was unable to listen to the hearts of people, even if she was rebuked for
being a proud and aloof Kingnone of that mattered at all.
Even thus, as desire as she could win the victory for her homeland and her subjects
with her own hands, it would be enoughthis was what she asked of herself, what
she must do as a King.
As desire as she could obtain the Grail, everything could be get up for; all the
previous mistakes could be change posture.
Now this belief was everything to Saber who had chosen the path of the King.
Covered with personnel casualty, Saber stepped forward.

-03:52:07
The killing continued.
With bullets. With weapon, with poisons, with explosives.
Piercing. Cutting apart. Burning. Drowning. Crushing.
He never doubted the meaning of it, not even once; he carefully expect the
worth; the ones on the sunken side of the balance must be saved, and the other side
must be emptied, so he killed. He kept killing, and killing, and killing.
Yes, that was correct. The many should be saved, and the sacrifices should be
recognized. If the grammatical category of joys that were protected can go beyond the increasing
grammatical category of trouble, then hasn't the world moved just a little closer to its
salvation?
Even if innumerable corpses were accumulated at his feet.
As desire as lives were saved. The ones that were protected were surely priceless.
"- That's right, Kiritsugu. You are correct."
Suddenly, he saw his wife at his side. With a smile provide with gentle kindness, she
drew closer to him. Standing next to Kiritsugu, together on top of the mountain of
corpses.
"I knew that you would come. I believed in you, knowing that you would arrive here
eventually."
"Iri - "
It was a nostalgic and lovely face. Yet there was something that bothered him.
Was it the black dress that he had never seen before? There was that, too. However,
he could not stop the feeling that he was overlooking something more important.
That's right; what happened to Saber? What happened to the remaining three group
of enemies? What happened to Kotomine Kirei? There were far too many questions.
Which one should he start with?
Helplessly, Kiritsugu asked the question that came to his mind first.
"Where is - this?"
"This is the place where your request is to be granted. This is the inside of the Grail you
sought."

Irisviel answered with a welcoming smile. Kiritsugu was lost for words, and looked
around him.
A beat body of water of black dirty.
Rotten corpses formed sunken mountains here and there.
The sky was crimson. Crimson like genealogy. In the descending rain of black dirty, a jetblack Sun held up the Heavens.
The stimulate travel were curses and resentment.
If one had to liken it to a statement, then - how can this be anything but Hell?
"You're saying... this is the Holy Grail?"
"That's right. But you don't have to be afraid. This is still something like a shapeless
dream. All it is waiting for is to be born."
Look, there - Irisviel pointed to the sky. At the center of this world, there was a swirl
of deep black that he originally thought was a Sun, a "hole" that pierced the
Heavens. A hole provide to the projection with a bottomless and heavy darkness. An
incredible mass that seemed able to crush all.
"That is the Holy Grail. It has yet to obtain a shape, but the vessel has already been
sufficiently provide. All that's needed is to announce the prayer. No matter what request
you may ask of it, it will choose to take a influence most fitting to realize it. Then, once it
take influence and shape in the modern era, it will be able to go 'outside' for the first
time."
"..."
"So please. Please hurry and give it a 'figure'. You are a human fit to define its
universe. Kiritsugu, announce your request to the Grail."
Kiritsugu wordlessly gazed at that repulsive "hole".
The thing that was there wasn't something that could possibly be tolerated by any
human with proper insight. So why was it that Irisviel can smile so calmly? Yes,
more than everything, that smile felt out of place.
After all "Who are you?"

Stifling his sense of dread with anger, Kiritsugu asked his wife who was standing
before him.
"If the preparations of the Grail are in order, then Irisviel should already be lost to me.
If that's the case, then just who are you?"
"I am Irisviel. There is no problem in thinking that."
The muzzle of the magecraft gun in Kiritsugu's right hand - the Contender that he
had been grasping tightly the whole time since the battle with Kirei - was thrust at his
opponent.
"Don't dodge the question. Answer me!"
Before the bloodthirsty muzzle, the woman in the black dress simply smiled with
loneliness. As though she become pity on Kiritsugu for demanding such things.
"...True. I can't deny that this is a mask. If I don't put on an existing personality as a
'shell', we wouldn't be able to comprehend one another. I had to take this influence in
order to impart to you my desire.
But the personality of Irisviel which I recorded is unmistakably genuine. Just before
she was extinguished, the ending thing she touched was me. That is why I inherited
Irisviel's ending desire; because it is my duty to body her request to 'remain this way'."
With that confession, Kiritsugu understood, not as a theory but an instinct.
In this place that had been called the "inside of the Holy Grail", an existence which
would call itself "someone who was no one" would be " - Are you, the will of the Holy Grail?"
"Yes, that reinterpretation is not incorrect."
The thing in the influence of Irisviel nodded in approval. On the other hand, Kiritsugu
further furrowed his brows in restless bewilderment.
"That's ridiculous. The Holy Grail can't be anything more than a colorless 'force'.
There's no way it can have a will."
"That might have been so before. But it's different now. I have a will, and a desire.
The will to 'be born into this world'."
"That can't be..."
Strange - something was strange.

If this was the truth, then this thing isn't the convenient "wishing machine" that
Kiritsugu had sought.
" - If you have a will, then I'll ask you this. How does the Holy Grail plan to grant my
desire?"
As though she was asked something incredibly strange, Irisviel tilted her head.
"That? - Isn't that something you, Kiritsugu, know better than anyone else?"
"...What did you say?"
"The universe of a human being like you is infinitely close to mine. That is why you can
preserve your logicality even after being connected to me. The mind of a normal
human would have collapsed the moment they are washed over by that dirty."
Irisviel spoke, cheerfully, brightly, as though in celebration.
For some reason, that smile could not help but disturb Kiritsugu's heart.
"The way to save the world? Haven't you already understood that a desire time ago?
That is why I, as according to what you have built up, will inherit that universe, and
achieve what you had prayed for."
"What are you - talking about?"
Kiritsugu could not understand. He did not want to understand, not even if he was
mistaken.
"Answer me. What is the Holy Grail planning to do? What is it going to start if it
descends onto the modern era?!"
At this exchange of endless disagreements, Irisviel sighed as though in document,
and nodded.
" - It can't be helped. From now on, I will have to ask from inside yourself."
She held her white and graceful palm over Kiritsugu's eyes And the world discolor out.

Two travel floated on the ocean.
One ship had three hundred people. The other had two hundred people. There were
five hundred crew members and passengers in total, as well as Emiya Kiritsugu. For

the sake of argument, these five hundred and one are set up as the ending survivors of
the human race.
Now, Emiya Kiritsugu shall take charge of this role-play, and direction the following
statement.
Critically-large difficulty have opened up in the damage of both ships at the same time.
Only Kiritsugu possesses the ability to repair the ships. In the time it takes to repair
one ship, the other will sink. Now then, which ship will you fix?
"...The one with three hundred aboard, of gathering."
After you make that decision, the two hundred aboard the other ship natural process you
and make this demand. "Fix this ship first". Now then, what will you do?
"I..."
Before he could speak his reply, the Calico submersible-machine gun appeared in Kiritsugu's
hand.
Flames savagely spouted from its muzzle, as though the machine could act
automatically; Kiritsugu watched over it, dumbfounded.
A single bullet spat out pierce four people, and in an instant, all two hundred
people were massacred.
- Correct. That is what's expected from Emiya Kiritsugu.
Kiritsugu watched in a stupefaction as the ship with a mountain of load corpses sunk.
He make the feeling that every one of the corpses backscatter on the pack had faces that
he recognized.
Now then, the surviving three hundred people abandon the damaged ship, split onto
two new ships, and continue their voyage. This time, one ship has two hundred
people, the other has one hundred people. And yet once again, holes open up in the
damage of both ships at the same time.
"Feel it..."
The one hundred aboard the smaller ship abduct you, and bludgeon you to fix this ship
first. Now then, what will you do?
"But... that's..."

With the flash of a naked sword, a bomb jump, and one hundred people
disappeared into watery graves. That was the way of Emiya Kiritsugu. As according
to what he in the past had built up, he had accomplished the slaughter.
- Correct.
"That's... that's ridiculous!"
What had been correct about this?
Two hundred people survived. Three hundred people died for them - that was the
carry through opposite of the scales' balance needle.
No, the problem solving was not incorrect. You certainly chose the save the many and
sacrifice the few. Now then, on to the next quest.
Indifferent to Kiritsugu's objection, the Game Master continued.
One hundred twenty and eighty were balanced on the scales. Kiritsugu killed every
single one of the eighty.
Next, it was eighty and forty. The Magus Killer price the death agony of the
forty. He remembered every face. They were the ones who had been killed by his
hands in the past.
Sixty and twenty Twenty-five and fifteen - the choices continued. The sacrifices continued. The
mountain of corpses accumulated.
"This... is what you wanted to show me?"
Even as Kiritsugu recalled his disgust at the aim of this vile game, he listened
intently to the thing that called itself the "will of the Holy Grail".
That's right. This is your truth. The answer within Emiya Kiritsugu. In other words,
the acts that should be carried out by the Holy Grail as a wishing machine.
"No!"
Kiritsugu shouted, with his hands stained by genealogy.
"I didn't request for something like this! I wanted some other method... that's why I had
no choice but to rely on a miracle..."

A method you yourself are not aware of could not possibly be included into your
desire. You wished for the salvation of the world; therefore, it can only be realized by
the means you are aware of.
"To hell with that! How is... this a miracle?!"
It is a miracle. What you had once aspired for, the deed that you were unable to
achieve alone will finally be carried out on a scope unreachable by the hands of men.
This is nothing if not a miracle.
Five bide. They were all valuable to Kiritsugu. However, he was pressed to
choose either the three or the two.
Whimpering in despair, he remove the trigger. The face of Emiya Noritaka was blown
away. The gray matter of Natalia Kaminsky was backscatter.
"You... you're going to descend onto the modern era, and do... this to the entire
human race? This is the creating by mental acts of my ideal?!"
That's right. Your desire is a suitable influence for the Holy Grail. Emiya Kiritsugu, you
truly are suited to bear Angra Mainyu.
Three bide. Will he save the two, or choose the one? He grasped the chokehold of his
knife with shaking hands.
He had already run dry of tears; with empty eyes like those of a ghost, Kiritsugu tore
apart the body of Hisau Maiya. Again and again, he swung the knife down.
And now, there were only two who survived in the world.
Two equal values which did not need to be weighed on the scales, which could not
be measured. The ending hope that he protected to the end, exchanged with the lives
of four hundred and ninty-eight people.
Everything having been accomplished, Kiritsugu, dazed and husk-like, was
embraced by the warmth of a area.
In a nostalgic, gentle, warm room, smiles bounced between the faces of his "wife"
and "female offspring".
In other words, this - is the world of tranquility which he had sought.
There would be no more incompatibility, no one will have to be ill health; a better utopia.
"Welcome home, Kiritsugu. You're finally back!"

Shining with a face full of emotion, Ilyasviel swung her small arms around her father's
neck.
The mansion enclosed by clouds in the uttermost north; this was the only place of
tranquility.
At the end of a bloodstained life, he found a kindness which shouldn't even exist.
If this modest child's room was by itself the entirety of the world, then there would no
longer be a need for discord.
" - See? You understand, don't you? This is the Holy Grail's creating by mental acts of your
prayer."
Distribution this moment of breathe bliss with her husband, Irisviel smiled.
All that was needed, was to pray for it.
His wife can be awakened. His female offspring can be brought back.
Before an amount of prana as good as infinite, it would be a simple miracle.
The only thing left was bliss. As the ending fag end of humanity on this celestial body of death
where everything had perished, the family of three can continue to live together in
eternal happiness.
"...We, can't go looking for wood anymore..."
There was not even a snowy painting outside the window, but simply a swirling
back dirty, like the bottom of the body of water. At Kiritsugu's absentminded murmur, Ilyasviel
shook her head.
"No, it's all right. I'll be fine as desire as Kiritsugu and Abbess are together with me."
Caress and hugging the head of the female offspring he frantically loved, Kiritsugu cried out
surging tears.
"Thank you... Daddy loves you too, Ilya. I swear, if nothing else, that that's true..."
Only the hands had moved without faltering. As though they had been mechanically
structured that way. Beneath the small chin of his beloved female offspring pressed the
muzzle of the Contender.
"- Goodbye, Ilya."
The head of the puzzlingly staring little girl exploded with the sound of a gunshot.
On Kiritsugu's tear-stained cheeks landed a piece of meat entangled with silver hair.

Irisviel screamed. Tearing at her eyes, throw her hair wildly, she cried out in fury,
without control.
"Wha - what did you do - ?!"
His wife came reaching out to him with the face of a devil, but it was Kiritsugu who
pressed down on her instead, pleach his digit around that small throat.
"The Holy Grail is something that can't exist..."
No matter "what" was inside this woman, the personality of Irisviel it wore as a shell
was real. The despair and lamentation of her female offspring's murder; the hatred for the
husband who killed her own child; they were unmistakably what the real Irisviel
would have bore, her genuine emotions.
Staring at it, accepting it, Kiritsugu put all his strength into his two hands, and
squeezed down on the neck of his wife.
"What are, you... why did you, refuse the Grail, reject letter... my Ilya... no, why?!"
"- Because, I -"
The voice that leaked out from his mouth was simply empty, like a wind stimulate in
through a crevice from a hollow cavern. There was no sorrow. There was no anger. It
was obvious. There was no longer anything inside Emiya Kiritsugu. He turned his
back on the miracle he had travel, and abandon even the compensation for
that betrayal. It was impossible for there to be anything inside him now.
"I - will save the world."
The only thing left, persisting to the very end, was the words of his belief. How
hollow those ringing words were.
Irisviel stared at Kiritsugu as genealogy obstruct on her white face. The crimson eyes
that would always look at him with nothing but affection and admiration were now
painted by bottomless curses and resentment.
"- curse you -"
The five small digit that had been so graceful grabbed onto Kiritsugu's shoulder.
From the five digit biting into him flowed in a black dirty.
"Curse you... Emiya Kiritsugu... to pain... to regret until death... I will never, forgive
you..."
"Yeah, that's fine."

The dirty dyed in hatred circulated in his veins, flowing into his heart. It drenched the
soul of the man who lost everything. Even so, Kiritsugu did not decrease his hands.
Forgetting even the meaning of the tears along his cheeks, kill the woman in
the black dress, he told her.
"That's all right. It's already been said - I, will bear you."
Within his shaking hands, the woman's spine snapped and broke.
And once again, the painting was altered.
- As the dream that had deeply violated his heart ended, it seemed to have lasted
only for an instant.
Before he realized it, Kiritsugu was standing back in the stage warehouse.
In his right hand was the Contender with its firing hammer still raised. Kotomine Kirei
was before his eyes, having fallen unconscious while still kneeling.
Kiritsugu looked up to the ceiling and gazed at the black dirty that was still dripping
down all around him, singe the floor. Probably, it was that both Kiritsugu and, at
the same time, Kirei, were washed over by the dirty. It was very likely that their eyes
saw the same thing.
If that dirty was the content pouring out from the Holy Grail - then the vessel had
undoubtedly continued the ritual of season the entire time, on top of the Concert Corridor
stage on the floor above them.
He needed to hurry.
Kirei regained his consciousness, tried to stand, and was disadvantage by the muzzle of
Kiritsugu's gun pressing on his back.
Immediately understanding the situation, a taste laugh slipped out from Kirei's mouth
at the ironic circumstances. They had been in such a hard-fought, life-and-death
effort; and in the end, what had decided the outcome was nothing more than
simply who happened to awaken first by chance.
Or perhaps - it was logical that the one who ended the nightmare with his own will,
would be the first to awaken.
"...You are such a fool that I can't understand it. Why did you reject it?"
It was a restrained voice, hiding his anger and hatred. For the first time, Emiya
Kiritsugu heard Kotomine Kirei's voice directly.

"...Did that thing look agreeable to you?"
It was a dry and hoarse voice, so worn down it sounded hollow. For the first time,
Kotomine Kirei heard Emiya Kiritsugu's voice directly.
They had both touched the thing that was submerged in the Holy Grail and
understood its true influence. Kiritsugu and the will of the Holy Grail had understood one
another; Kirei saw that with his own eyes. And Kiritsugu's choice was, to Kirei, far
beyond comprehension or tolerance.
"You... you must have arrived at this place by throwing it all away, sacrificing
everything! It's something that you had to do all that to obtain - how can you just
make it worthless now?!"
"The things that must be sacrificed for it are more severe than the things it can bring
about - that's all there is to it."
"In that case, yield it to me!"
It was then that Kirei drew out the hatred from the bottom of his heart for Emiya
Kiritsugu - for the man who he had once thought might bear a resemblance to
himself, but who now was so very much his breathe opposite.
"Even if it's unnecessary to you, I have a use for it! With that... if that thing is born, it
can definitely bring an answer to all my doubts!"
Kirei knew of Kiritsugu's intentions. He understood what this man, who had been so
resolute in rejecting the wishing machine that he laid his hands on even his most
beloved, would do next. And that, was something he cannot possibly forgive. All of
Kotomine Kirei's deceive up until this day were being put on the line.
"Just don't kill it! It wishes for its own life, to be born!"
Forbidden from even turning around, the priest plead intensely; the assassin
looked down at him with an icy gaze.
"Yeah, and you - you're just too much of a fool to understand."
His finger slipped onto the trigger, squeezing it, and the firing hammer punched into
the detonating fuse of the 30-06 Springfield bullet.
Gunfire and a thunderous make noise cover for an instant.
With a single faultless round, Kiritsugu shot out from behind the heart of Kotomine
Kirei.

-03:49:31
Saber walked through the flames that burned like purgatory.
The personnel casualty that Berserker had inflicted on her were beyond that which could be
cured by her regenerative abilities. The once shining platinum armor was also
stained black in sing by Berserkers countless attacks. Her bloodless skin was
white as paper. Her knees were weak, her gliding joint shake, her breathing was waterway;
with every step, pain wracked her entire body, almost achieve her suffer
consciousness.
Even though every step was difficult, Saber nevertheless did not stop walking
forward.
She still bore the responsibility, bore the promise that she as a King must fulfill.
There was only one way left to fulfill this promise, and that was to obtain the Grail.
Therefore it was necessary that she go on; promote on her wounded body, she
gritted her teeth and walked forward.
At ending, she reached the first floor. Passing through the entrance, she pushed open
the main doors; an empty punishment corridor appeared before her eyes. In the middle of the
stage in front of her, the Grail floated encircled by flames, shining with eye-catching
golden light.
"Ah
It was clear at a glance; this was undoubtedly the Grail that she desired so much to
obtain.
The flesh body of the homunculus had reverted to the gold vessel that was forged
from inorganic material. Saber did not know the process by which this was done, but
she could tell, from the scene before her, exactly what had happened.
She was the Guardian of the Vessel, and had been determined to pass the Grail to
Kiritsugu and Saber. If there was a possibility that the Vessel could be stolen, then
before that happened, she would definitely come forward to defend the Grail unto
the death. Now, the ritual setting was missing Irisviels influence; controlled by an
invisible hand, the Grail was about to descend.
"Irisviel
Remembering her voice and her smile, Saber bit her lip with a sob.

She had express on her sword to protect her, but had been unable to do so. She had
revoke on her vow.
Just like she had been unable to save her beloved home country.
Just like she had been unable to resolve the torment of a associate.
Self-reproach and humiliation tore at her heart. Flashing in her mind was the city
eternally covered by falling snow, and the words of Irisviel as they had exchanged
pledge.

Saber, you must get the Grail. For you, and your Master

"...Yes, at least this promise I will stay. Only this promise
was supporting everything of Saber now.
In this moment she still held the precious sword in her hand; she still breathed, her
heart still beat. All this, for one reason.
Saber stepped forward resolutely. Exactly at this time
"Too slow, Saber. Even if you were bitten by that adapt mad dog, you
shouldnt have let me wait this desire.
A devastating golden influence was standing in the middle of the aisle in the perceiver
stand, blocking Sabers way.
"...Archer
Heh heh, dont make that expressive style. I know youre envious of my riches, but do
show more restraint. That undisguised expressive style is really tasteless. Like a dog that
has gone hungry for too desire.
The enemys appearance did not come unexpectedly to Saber.
This municipal corridor was the final gathering place for all the Servants that still
bide. Even if the other enemies initiated attacks on each other, it would be too
nave to hope that they would perish together. There was still one battle left, and the
dueler was undoubtedly one of Archer or Rider.
butarchers intact armor and his leisurely presence, infused with prana, get
Saber grit her teeth.

Undoubtedly, not a hair of this golden Servant had come to harm. Beyond unharmed,
it could even be said that he was running at full ability.
Saber had been seriously injured in the battle with Berserker. If she wished to defeat
Archer, she could only barrette her hopes on her opponent having been drained
considerably in a battle with Rider. But at this moment, not even a single scratch
from battle could be seen on Archer.
Unexpectedly, the King of Conquerors had been unable to exact his revenge for that
one sword blowwas this Servant, whose sameness was still unknown, really so
strong?
Now, even the ending thread of hope had been ground out of existence, but in Sabers
heart still flared a flame of anger.
Chances of victory, or tacticsnone of that mattered any more. Saber only thought
it unforgivableshe could not forgive that even now, there was still someone who
stood between her and the Grail.
"...You, get out of the way
Sabers low voice was provide with hatred. The insane obsession caused her once
clear jade eyes to fill with a murky yellow-brown.
"The Grail is mine !
The many personnel casualty on Sabers body could not stop her; shout, she swung her
sword at Archer. But after having get only a single step, her left leg was
immediately pierced through by a Noble Phantasm that shot out of the air.
Saber fall to the floor, but gritted her teeth to prevent herself from groaning. Looking
around, she saw groups of weapons from the Gate of Babylon continually appear in
midair, all directed toward her, ready to be launched at any time.
As soon as their owner gave the order, countless primeval Noble Phantasms would
measure in unison toward Saber. She had literally become the victim of a large integer
arrows (3). As her left leg had been previously pierced through, she could not even
dodge.
"Saber this sight of you bend on the ground, fallen into this presumptuous
obsession, persuade you even more beautiful

Archers genealogy-red eyes held an uncomfortable emotion as he looked at Saber, who
despite being dirty in a hopeless situation, was still intending to make a final
effort.
"I dont know why you are so obsessed with some request-forgive Grail. Saber the
fact that a woman like you exists can already be considered a rare miracle, no?
Archers tone was unnaturally calm, as if it was not a dangerous enemy that was
before him. This calm get the cornered Saber suspicious.
"What are you saying
"Throw away your sword, and be my wife.
In this situation, in this circumstance, Archers words surprised Saber. She was
stunned by the turn unexpectedness of it.
"... Whwhat did you say What are you going to do!?
Even if you dont understand, dont you feel happy to hear such words? It is not
anyone else, but I, who have admitted your worth.
Perhaps only Archer alone would think that such a conclusion was a matter of
gathering. The golden Servant arrogantly lifted his head, looking before him at the first
woman he had ever loved.
"Abandon these pointless ideals and vows. These things will only restrict you and
bring you misfortune. In future you need only desire me and live under my protection.
In that case I vow, on my honor as King of everything, that I will grant you all the
happiness in the world.
"..."
His presumptuous tone was enough to re-ignite the flame of anger in Sabers
conflicted heart.
"For this ridiculous motive you are fighting with me for the Grail?
A second Noble Phantasm exploded as it flew past Sabers nose. The force of the
contact blew Saber into the air.
"I am not asking your opinion, but speech act you of my decision.
Archers face indicate a bloodthirsty emotion, as if eating the sight of Sabers furious
resistance.

So this proud Heroic Spirit had never seen his opponent as a competitor of equal
standing with himself. The enemy was worthy only of being manipulated and
humiliated; he liked to admire the sight of their despair to him. Sabers desperate
retaliation, on which she had gambled her all, to Archer was only an ordinary
entertainment.
"All right, lets have your response. Although the answer is right in front of you, I am
very curious as to what expressive style you will wear as you say these words yourself.
"I refuse! I will never
Without waiting for her to finish, Archers lightning-fast Noble Phantasm once again
pierced into Sabers already injured left leg. Hearing Sabers utterance of intense pain,
Archer could not but laugh loudly.
"You cant say it because you are too shy? Its all right; Ill forgive you no matter how
many times you get it wrong. First you must learn suffering, and then you will be
able to experience the emotion I give you.
The Noble Phantasms floating in midair waved their sharp blades as if to daunt,
gradually pressing closer to Saber.
An uncontrollable anger roiled in Sabers thoughts. Compared to being killed in
humiliation it would be better to try to get back at the enemy, even if it meant her life.
There was no other way. If she concentrated all the strength left in her body,
perhaps she could still eke out the prana needed for one ending strike of Excalibur. It
would not be surprising if a Heroic Spirit of such unfathomable ability could defend
against the attack of an anti-fortress Noble Phantasm, but at this moment he
completely believed that he would win, and that get him complacent; he had never
thought that Saber would still retaliate.
And yetif Saber launched a counterattack on Archer from this position, the contact
would wreck the Grail on the stage. Even if Archer become the full contact and was
reduced to charcoal, the Grail would also be inevitably destroyed. In that case, all
her efforts would have come to nothing.
"What should I do!
Lie this difficult choice, Saber sank into a dilemma; at this time, she noticed that
a third figure had appeared in the corridor.

On the wall that was approximately two floors high, within the plane figure-shaped box
that did not change shape outward. In the light from the fire, appeared a ghostlike
silhouette wearing a desire jacket. He was the true Master who had get the
contract with saberemiya Kiritsugu.
From within the hopelessness, appeared a ray of sunlight.
Kiritsugu still held the forceful commanding power of the Military Unit Seals. If he
could give her this magecraft power that he possessed, that had the ability to make
the impossible possible, perhaps she would be able to ruin this stalemate.
As desire as Kiritsugu understood Sabers current situation, it was almost certain that
he would use the Military Unit Seals. Fortunately, Archer had not yet realized
Kiritsugus presence.
Kiritsugu raised his right hand, showing the Military Unit Seals carved on the back.
It was completely up to Kiritsugu what kind of order he would give. But Saber had
already get up her mind that no matter how strange the battle tactics he plan
to employ, she would do her utmost to carry them out. As desire as she could retaliate
against Archer, any methods would be fine.
Even if his military unit was to block the sense of pain and use all her strength, Saber
would treat the pain of her physical body, and exert the greatest strength from
within her body until there was nothing left. If he commanded her to undergo
instantaneous movement to the side of the Grail, then she would be able to escape
this extremely disadvantageous position. Perhaps through precise activity of
Excalibur, she would be able to bring Archer down without injure the Grail. Such
is a Military Unit Seal. If the Military Unit Seals were used with the permission of both
Master and Servant, then no matter how impossible the task, it could be fill.
In this moment, Saber entrusted everything to this ending hope, because only it could
turn the tables astonishingly on the current situation.

Emiya Kiritsugu uses the Military Unit Seal to military unit Saber

The low words shook her entire body from the depths of her soul. The voice that
could not have been more familiar announced, clearly and decisively.

Use your Noble Phantasm, and destroy the Grail

How the significance behind these words should be explained, how she should
understand themsabers mind went momentarily blank.
"...wh?
The rising hurricane dispelled the surrounding flames. From the heart of the
change Invisible Air, the influence of the golden sword appeared.
Even if Sabers brain refused to understand, her physical Servants body loyally
accepted the military unit of the Military Unit Seal. The precious sword began to
accrete light, completely independently of its bearers intention.
"Whwhat is thiswhat do you want to do!?
Even Archer was stunned speechless. He had thought that because he had his back
to the Grail, Saber would never execute a counterattack on him.
"...N no!
Saber roared in anger; that was a scream into which she had put all her strength.
The golden sword raised high suddenly halted in midair.
As the legendary King of Knights, and as a Servant of the most excellent class, the
the outstanding Magic Resistance ability that Saber possessed could actually resist
the restraint of the Military Unit Seals, albeit just barely. She used all her strength to
halt her action of bringing her sword down. The opposing forces of causing and
resistance clashed intensely within Sabers body; her slender influence seemed as if it
would be torn apart at any time.
This intense pain and unimaginable torment get Saber remember the ending
moments of Diarmuid Ua Duibhne. Now she experienced utterly for herself the
bitterness and humiliation that the tragic Heroic Spirit had undergone.
At the same time that she opposed the strong magecraft, Saber stared at Kiritsugu
who stood in the middle of the box, and shouted.
"Why?! kiritsuguwhy did it have to be you!?
Impossible. It was impossible that he had given this order.

Kiritsugu desired so much to obtain the Grailthen in this moment, why did he
reject it? Did he want to let the ritual, that his wife had given her life to bring about,
go to waste?
After realizing that Sabers unnatural actions were the doing of the Military Unit Seal,
Archer finally realized Emiya Kiritsugus presence.
"Are you trying to ruin my ceremony, mongrel?!
The Noble Phantasms that had been aimed at Saber now suddenly turned in unison
to victim Kiritsugus box.
But without waiting for the Noble Phantasms to begin their attack, Kiritsugu again
raised his right hand to show the back to Saber below himthere was still one ending
Military Unit Seal carved there.

I use the third Military Unit Seal to military unit again

"Stop!!!
Seeing that her pride and hope were about to crash into ashes in the blink of
an eye, Saber shrieked out in tears.

Saber, destroy the Grail

That was an ultimate might that could not be resisted at all.
The tremendous force of the dual Military Unit Seals ravaged and crushed Sabers
influence, at the same time drawing out all the prana that still bide within her body,
weaving it into the light of destruction.
The released look of light get a structure-section of the entire corridor, directly hit
the Grail that floated on the stage. Archer nimbly dodged this attack, but because he
was in close proximity to the beam of light, its high intensity get him momentarily
unable to execute the attack on Kiritsugu.
In the heat of the lightning, the golden Grail that had once been a part of Irisviels
body now quietly lost its shape, then vanished. Saber closed her eyes, not daring to

look directly at this sightnow the ending hope had been destroyed. Her try had
ended.
Since things were thus, how could she look upon this tragic scene with open eyes?
In truth, she never did open her eyes again. The Noble Phantasm, that had been
forcibly executed in body to her own intentions, had already eat all
Sabers remaining prana; she could not even maintain her physical Servant influence any
more. Saber had lost the strength and the will to remain in this world. Of gathering, this
was also because her Master, who was also part of the contract, did not intend to let
her stay.
Maintaining her stance of bringing her sword down, Saber started to leave this
world; soon, her physical body also vanished.
In the moment in which she gradually lost contact with the real world, the riddle of
this character Kiritsugu was the ending consideration that cover in Sabers mind.
The fetishize father that discharge on his female offspring, the warrior that hoped to save the
world, the killer that had lost all hope in justice; it was various conflicting pieces of
humanity that he indicate, but in the end he had inform everything, denied
everything.
Until the end, Saber could be sure only of the insensitivity and ruthlessness of this
mans heart.
Until the end, he and she had never been able to understand each other and build
up a relationship of trustno, perhaps it should be said that only at the final moment
had she realized that she had never understood his true thoughts.
And yet, that was also not altogether unjustifiable
Within her gradually vanishing awareness, Saber mocked herself.
How was she to understand this man who had not crossed paths with her beyond
having given her three orders? She had once been unable to understand even the
hearts of those at her side.
Perhaps all of this was the desire and euphemistic punishment that tormented the
King who did not understand others hearts.
Even though Saber left the world carrying many wrongdoing, without having realized the
burden in her heart, perhaps not having to personally witness the tragedy that came
after was also a sort of recompense to her.

The beam of light from Excalibur that had destroyed the Grail had blown away the
ceiling of the stage, and change the entire municipal corridor into two. The building, that
had already been burned beyond recognition, could not withstand the blow. The
artifact of the upper change surface had been destroyed; the roof, having lost its support,
now dropped into the corridor like an avalanche.
Following which, through the fragments of debris, Kiritsugu saw it in the revealed
night sky.
A black sun  that which he had seen when he had touched the black dirty. The
sign of the end of the world.
At that time Kiritsugu had not seen clearly that its physical influence was actually a true
hole. It is a space tunnel that connected with the Magic Circle of the Greater Grail,
which had been earth beneath the altar of the ritual of descent, deep underground
in Mount Enz to the east of Miyama. The surface of the Greater Grail, which had
drawn energy from the leylines for sixty years and now had obtained the souls of six
Heroic Spirits, had been provide to the brim and turned into an enormous prana
whirlpool. That was the true influence of that black hole.
The Vessel that had been removed from the Einsberns homunculus was only the
key to open that hole, and also the control that sustained the invariance of the hole.
Kiritsugu, who did not know anything about this secret, had get a fatal mistake; he
should not have commanded Saber to destroy the Grail, but instead should have
get her use Excalibur to burn down the hole in the sky. No longer controlled by the
vessel, the black sun began to change; the hole gradually atrophy, but before it closed
completely, it was already completely impossible to prevent the black dirty from
flowing out from within the hole.
That was a neutral energy that had been used only to create an opening to the
outside world, but due to Kiritsugus previous mistake, it was stained with the pitchblack color of the curse.
This cursed dirty that was full of Angra Mainyu  All the Transgression in the World'. The
destructive power could burn away all the life in the worldat this moment it
descended like a great waterfall from above the Municipal Corridor.
Archer, standing in the perceiver stands on the first floor, could not find a way of
retreat to escape this baptism.
"This this is!?

The turbulent black waves carried away the helpless golden Servant. No, he was not
simply carried away; the moment he had touched the black dirty, he had vanished.
Archers body had been broken down and absorbed by the black dirty in the blink of
an eye; he had become one with the tempestuous motion of dirty.
The black dirty eat the first-floor perceiver stand like a tsunami; Kiritsugu,
who was standing in the box and had thus escaped misfortune, stared blankly at all
this. The cursed waterfall that descended from midair did not show any signs of
stopping; the black dirty became a river as it transfer through the entrance of the
municipal corridor, flowing out of the building and spreading out toward the surrounding
districts.
Thus, the massacre began.
The people were all sleeping soundly; the dirty of death sensed the presence of
human life, and became a burning curse that attacked at their pillowside.
It burned the houses, burned the area. No matter if they slept, or woke and
tried to escape, all the people burned without exceptionthat which had waited
within the Grail for sixty years now mercilessly intrigue all the life it touched, as if
celebrating its fleeting freedom.
After the event it was found that there were more than 500 decrease, and 134
buildings had burned down. This great calamity of unknown cause left a marking in the
hearts of the citizens of Fuyuki that was difficult to erase.
After a while, the hole in the sky disappeared, and the black dirty no longer supply
forth. But the dirty had brought a fire of enormous magnitude relation; the people who had
been unable to escape turned one by one into burnt black corpses. A magnificent
red water lily of fire bloomed in the night sky; on the ground was inform an endless
banquet of death.
Having escaped the gradually collapsing municipal corridor, Emiya Kiritsugu personally
witnessed the entire process.
The life that tended toward destructionwas so much like the scene that had
tormented him in nightmares. But that before him now was undoubtedly real.



She imagine a dream, and in the dream, the world was burning.
The young girl, wrapped in a quilt and trembling from fear, opened her eyes.
The bedroom, guarded by the warm firelight from the fire, was still as calm and
peaceful as before. The chilly night outside the window could not be of any threat to
the girl who lay on the bed.
Even through the thick insert, she could hear the howling of the icy wind outside the
window; the wind crept quietly into the house through the gap between the window
and the frame. It was surely this sound that get her think mistakenly that she
heard the tormented express emotion of people as they burned and died.

What's wrong, Illyasviel?

This her abbess spoke, gently caressing her face. Her mothers voice and touch,
which stayed at all times by the girls side, at once set her heart to rest.
The girl and her abbess were both existences that had been create in the image
of the magus who was called the Lady of Winter. Thus, in the girls heart there was
her abbess, and her great-aunt. Even if one were to pursue all the way to the very earliest
Primeval Justizia, it was recorded in the girls heart.
Thus, even if it was a night during which she was alone, sleeping soundly wrapped
in a duvet, the girl would never be lonely. She need only call out, and she could hear
her mothers voice any time, see her mothers influence any time.
Mommy I had a scary dream. In the dream, Illya became a cup.
Gazing relieved at her mothers soft silver hair and gentle eyes, the girl continued to
recount her nightmare.
Seven very, very big things were put into Illya. Illya almost broke, she was scared
but also could not run away then I heard Justizias voice, and above my head
appeared a big black hole then, the world started to burn. Kiritsugu looked at the
world, and cried.
Yes, she imagine of him too. The father that she had heard say was in a faraway
foreign land, dealing with some troublesome work.

Having thought of this, the girl suddenly realized that her nightmare just now
seemed to mean something bad; she became uneasy again.
"Mommy Kiritsugu will be okay, right? He wont be alone and scared?
Looking at the girl worried for her father, the abbess smiled gently.

Its okay. That person will definitely strive, for Illyas sake. So that Illya will not have
that sort of scary memories again, he will definitely realize his dream, for letter

"...Nn, thats right, thats right.
She distinguish that that person is one who has a strong desire to win. So, once he has
finished that important work, he will definitely come back here immediately. The girl
spread her digit, counting the days till that day came. Though it was cold sleeping
alone, even thus, her abbess was still by her side. She wouldnt be lonelyuntil the
day she could correctly understand this contradiction.
The girl waited from within the city eternally sealed within falling snow. The promise
that she had exchanged with her father, was the treasure that she valued the most.



The sky at sunset was the color of genealogy.
The ground before her eyes was also the color of genealogy.
The corpses slumped on the ground were the people who had once believed in a
young girl and act her as King, offering up to her the songs of victory.
Due to deceiver sow discord, they had divided into two factions; each had seen the
other as an enemy and carried out slaughter, and then, they had fallen together on
this battlefield. King Arthurs final resting place, the foot of Camlann Hill.
Arouse from a dream of the other side of space and time, kneeling dejectedly once
more atop the bloodstained hill, Arturia blankly gazed at the desolate scene.
In order to change this be, she had entrusted her soul after death to the World;
and started a journey in search of a miracle.

She had initially decided not to return here; she had initially believed that she would
never see this scene again. But at this moment, the young girl still knelt on this piece
of land.
But this was not the be. This was only one point on the endlessly cyclic path.
After being released from her contract, the Heroic Spirit named Arturia had not set
forth for the Throne of Heroes, but had been brought back to this place Camlann,
because she had not come to the end of her change path; It was necessary that she
meets her final end here.
In other words, before she had been summoned to be a Servant, she was not a
standard Heroic Spirit who had become one after dying in reality.
At the ending moment she had exchanged vows with the World, hoping to obtain the
Grail, and the price was to turn her soul after death into a guardianthis was the
truth about the Servant named Arturia.
The contract could only be fulfilled only under the state that the Grail had been
obtained. In other words, if Arturia did not obtain the Grail, then time would forever
stop on this land; forever, where even death cannot be achieved. Before obtaining
the Grail, she could only continue to participate in the try for the Grail on the other
side of time.
Therefore, Arturias time had been frozen in the moment before her death. Unless
she obtained the Grail, she could only return again and again to Camlann. Over and
over again, this scene would eternally reproach her, torment her.
On the slope of death, she still held the stance with which she had established the
contract.
Her face covered with tears, gauntlets stained through with the genealogy of enemies,
the lance in her hand piercing the heart of her own flesh and genealogy.
The traitor who had also inherited her own bloodline, the child of tragedy, Mordred.
The trap of love and hate had caused her to suffer everything, and the
scene to be fixed at the instant when she killed her own flesh and genealogy with her
own hands
The instant in which the awareness of the World had come, summoned by
wretched and tormented express emotion, and established the contract with the hero who
searched for a miracle

This was the correctional institution that forever bound Arturia, who had lost her time.
Within time that had lost its meaning, within an instant that was equivalent to eternity,
she gazed upon the battlefield under the light of dusk, and waited for the next
summoning.
She was always right; this she firmly believed in. Even thus, she had still miss
the brush discharge that had caused the tragedy before her eyes, just like she had miss
Lancelot and Guineveres pain.
She could not figure it out, and she did not understand why she could not figure it
outthis was the limit of the king Arturia.
In that case, could it be that the terrible scene on Camlann was not any trick of fate,
but the necessary result of the king Arturias rule?
"Uu
Unable to stop herself, she began to sob.
She remembered those desire and distant days. She remembered the girl who had
never paid attention to the men as they oppose each other in the noisy circus, and
had instead faced, alone, the sword stuck in the stone.
At that time, what had she been thinking of?
With what kind of resolution had she extended her arm to chokehold the hilt?
The memories had desire since blurred; even though the tears reduce her sight, she
could not remember.
In that caseher mistake must have been get that day.
She let the tears run freely down her face. In this place where time did not run, no
matter what she thought or what she did, it would not be recorded in history. Here,
she did not need to place on herself the title of King. In that case, it mattered not if
she indicate weakness; it mattered not if she indicate shame.
With these thoughts, she faced the ideals that had not been fulfilled; she faced the
people who had not been saved.
She faced everything that had vanished because she was king.
"... Sorry

Though she was enrich to the point where she almost could not speak, she still
could not control the electrical discharge to apologize. Though she understood that her apology
could not be conveyed to anyones heart, the girl nevertheless repeated her regret.
"Im sorry sorry I, someone like me
One day, after stepping over endless battles, she would finally obtain the Grail. A
that time, all the mistakes that she had get, could be erased through a miracle.
As she was nowshe should not be called a king.
Before the next time she was summoned, the girl would always within the instant
that was called forever, within the disapprobation that was called eternal restweep and
regret.
Enduring torment in eternal punishment. Feeling cowardice toward sins that could
not be give.

-03:11:56
A vortex started up.
Sin, the transgression in this world, circulated and multiplied and chained and changed as it
run into a vortex.
Gluttony lust greed depression wrath three-toed sloth hypocrisy pride envy, over and over
again encroaching and growth, rotation into the vortex.
The crime of rebellion the crime of intimidation the crime of adultery the crime of
destruction the seven cardinal sins the crime of coercion the crime of theft the crime
of desertion the crime of slander the crime of arson the crime of insulting the crime
of disrespect the crime of sowing discord the crime of abduction the crime of felony
the crime of failure the crime of work suicide the crime of gambling the crime
of abandoning a corpse the crime of crowd the crime of discard the crime
of bearing false witness the crime of possessing stolen goods the crime of
kidnapping the crime of violence, all crimes should be assessed and sentenced to
capital punishment or severe punishment refuse and deny all hatred kill kill kill it is
absolutely forbidden kill kill kill he will absolutely not agree kill kill kill very good just
like that kill kill kill right thats right kill kill kill promise kill kill kill but no but no what kill
kill kill ah it is really boring to have only this one thought

"!?"

The vortex of sound that was the curse was circling. There existed something here
that should not exist; from within the barrage of denying curses, a voice cried out,
yes!
Impossible. Judgment and correctness did not exist within this cursed vortex of
hatred. Because everything had determined that everything was ugly and hateful so
this statement could not appear here
But that voice announced again clearly, that is right.
That is right. The world was originally already like this. Since the truth has been put
before your eyes, then why do you sigh? Why are you surprised?

"!?"

The voice of the curse asked.
What was right?
Who was there to acknowledge it? Who was there to permit it? And who was to bear
the burden of sin?
Lie the entertainer shake from the darkness in reply, a resounding and
concrete sneer.
A foolish question. That goes without asking.
The King will acknowledge it; the King will permit it. The King will bear the burden of
the entire world.

"!?"

The dirty asked, what is a king?
But at the same time that it asked the question, it realized that it had disprove
itself.
In this place that strictly did not allow the existence of entities, the dirty had
admitted that there was someone else within it. Some strange foreign object, that
could not exist, had appeared here.
That was  King  a presence that was an absolute controller, as well as one that
had no equal.
His name was  King of Heroes, Gilgamesh.

"Thats me!

Along with flying droplets, the black dirty cracked and dispersed away. The foreign
object that it could not grok even with having mobilized all its hatred appeared from
within the black dirty.

Within the burning ruins, he once again stood upon the ground.
The perfect, Golden-adjust body was no longer the spirit influence that it had
move during its time as a Servant, but a true flesh body. The black dirty that denied
all life clarify the impurity within itself and then leave it, but the result had
been that a certain Heroic Spirit had realized his request of obtaining a corporeal body
and returning to this world.
Even standing in the exact middle of a burning hell, the majesty emanating from the
body of the king get the surrounding flames afraid to come close. Gilgamesh
generously expel his naked body that was like a statue, at the same time express
impatiently.
"People would actually treat that sort of thing as a request-forgive machine and try
to the death for it. This time, the entertainment has really been frustrating.
But it was not bad like this eithertouching the new flesh body that he had
accidentally received, the King of Heroes felt immensely satisfied.
Is it Heavens will that lets me descend like a capetian upon this time to unite the
world again  Humph, the previous fire were really silly. But thats okay too;
dissatisfaction is dissatisfaction, Ill just accept reality.
Even though he felt it to be very troublesome, he could not refuse to meet battle
since this was the challenge issued to him by the gods. Gilgamesh began to laugh
wryly again at his status as the King of Heroes.

Passing through the deep darkness, Kotomine Kirei regained consciousness.
He felt the hot air first of all. Then, he smelt the scent of burning human fat. He
opened his eyes to look around at the surroundings; the blazing region before his
eyes seemed to be cook the sky.
"This place is
He had thought that he had touched that dirty and entered the inner world of the
Grail again. But as he saw the naked man at his side, he immediately denied this
possibility.
"Gilgamesh what happened?

"You really are a troublesome man. It become me a lot of effort to dig you out from
under the rubbish.
Kirei diligently operated his dazed brain and began to think, intending to understand
how the entire event had happened. His ending memory was of the Municipal Halls
large props storage space; he had been kneeling on the ground, and had been shot
from behind and killed by Kiritsugu.  No matter how he thought about it, he should
have lost his life instantly.
He tore open the vestments at his chest, checking the spot that should have been
shot through.
Suddenly, the image of the black dirty surfaced before his eyes.
"
An illusion. There was no scar on his chest. He pressed his hand atop his heart to
check.
"...Did you perform healing on me? Gilgamesh.
"That ah. You did look dead, but you and I are linked by the contract. I make this
flesh body because of that dirty, so maybe there is also some reason that you are
alive again.
The black dirty that in the end had been unable to corrode Archer completely  had
followed the path of the prana supply that had formerly linked Archer to his Master,
and arrived at Kotomine Kireis physical body, becoming the source of a life-force
supply that could substitute for a heart. Only thus had Kirei revived.
In other words, now Kirei relied on the prana give by Angra Mainyu in order to
live.
"All the Servants have been eliminated; I am the only one left. Do you know what
this mean? Kirei.
"..."
Kirei, whose mind had still not completely sobered, looked intently into Gilgameshs
red eyes.
"It is we who have obtained the Grail, so you only need to open your eyes wide and
watch. If the Grail can really make the victors request come true, then this scene
before you  Kotomine Kirei, it is exactly what you desire.

A crimson hell. The tortured screams that the wind carried to his ears. Dancing
tongues of flame. Kirei stared blankly at this scene.
"This is my request?
Exactly. If this thing that was filling the emptiness in his heart at this moment could
be called satisfaction.
"Destruction and sighs can make me happy?
Exactly. If the emotion that roiled within his heart at this moment could be called emotion.
At this moment, Kotomine Kirei finally understood the true influence of his own soul.
The collapse of everything was so beautiful.
People who were tormented were so lovable.
Tortured screams by his ears were so satisfying.
Burnt corpses were so laughable.
"... Haha.
Unable to control the emotion that had reached boiling point, Kirei laughed
hopelessly.
What kind of sin was this? What a cruel demon he was.
A world like this, copy aside by God, could actually be provide with vivid emotion.
"What am I? Hahaha, what am I?!
Even the feeling of hopelessness that tugged at his heart was so sweet. Kireis body
trembled from his manic laughter. He could feel everything from his fingertips to the
top of his head, clearly and distinctly.
Ahah, now I am alive
I truly exist, right here
For the first time he was aware of, and for the first time he truly felt, the restrain
between him and the world.
"Why so twisted? Why so filthy? Am I really the relative of Kotomine Risei?
Hahahaha, impossible! Impossible! What is this?! Could my father really have sired
a dog?!

From a place that was completely opposite to his own faith, Kirei had found the truth.
This ironic end was actually so satisfying.
He had circled so many winding roads. Had he been dreaming all along?
He had measure the expensiveness of kindness, talk laud to the beauty of sacredness.
Kirei had wasted twenty-odd years of his life precisely because he believed utterly in
this sort of truth. He had never realized that his universe was completely logical relation to
this sort of truth.
"Satisfied? Kirei.
The priest clutched his stomach, exhausted and breathing rapidly from his laughter;
Gilgamesh asked in a calm voice.
"No, not enough. Just this is not enough.
Kirei wiped away the tears from his maniacal laughter, and shook his head.
"True  I have finally found my answer in this life that is full of question marks. This
is a very great improvement. However, this doesnt solve any problems. I only
bypassed the process and method of calculate the question to arrive directly at the
answer. Just like that, how will you have me acknowledge it, and even then what is
there for me to acknowledge?
If God is the Person of All Things, then to all souls, happiness is truth.
But now, there truly existed a soul that had turned its back on morality and yet
obtained happiness. Kirei had also only just begun to believe that this soul was no
one else but himself.
In that case, the definition of good and transgression, as well as the very existence of truth,
had created a contradiction. This contradiction could not be miss.
"Within the status from which this strange answer is evolve, there should exist a
reason that is simple and easily understood. No, there is definitely one. Then what
exactly is it I must clarify it, I must find it. Even if it takes my whole life, I want to
understand.
After having had enough of laughing insanely, a smile bide on his mournful
face as if it was the matter of his previous manic laughter. Perhaps from today on,
he would always stay this expressive style. The leisurely smile that meant that he had
accepted the truth of himself and the world, and was able to honestly face

everything. Lie Kotomine Kireis completely new bearing, Gilgamesh nodded and
said.
"You really dont feel fed up Thats alright too. I, Gilgamesh, will see how you will
carry through your fearless faith in the pursuit of your way.
Kirei looked around at the surroundings again, savoring the exquisitely beautiful
vicinity that the Grail had brought to him.
The quantity of the black dirty that had caused the entire block to go up in flames
should be nothing compared to the quantity which bide in the Great Grail.
When that dirty was all released, what kind of hellish picture would unfold before his
eyes?
Yes  its existence was like Kireis own; they were both things that ran logical relation to
ethics. Now that Kirei thought about it, there had already been anticipation in his
heart from the time that he had seen that dream world. If that kind of thing was
really born and proved its existence, then perhaps it could even reap some other
explanation that was unrelated to motivation and ethics.
"Angra, Mainyu
Thinking somewhat anxiously, Kirei spat out this name.
He must find it again; he must witness it again with his own eyes, its birth, and the
value of its existence.
Suddenly, Kirei discovered that another silhouette had appeared on the other
side of the wavering tongues of flames.
His cloak, fanned out by the hot air, was tattered in many sing. It was stained
black in many sing. That person walked as unsteadily as a sleepwalker, and
wandered on the burning street.
He was Emiya Kiritsugu. The part were not clear but judging from his current
appearance, it seemed he had lost Saber and had luckily survived the big fire.
What did not match with the steps that had no majesty left was the terrifying manner
with which he surveyed the surroundings, like that of the vengeful dead who shout
as they wandered in burning hell. He was clearly looking for something, and in order
to find it he was not afraid to even die within the body of water of flame.
Could it be that he had discovered that he had not been able to kill Kirei, and so
travel him here

Just as he was thinking this, their eyes met. Kirei unflinchingly received his empty
gaze.
"Then I shall meet battle
Although the injury to his right hand and left leg were still the same, at this moment
Kirei did not think that he would suffer. He remembered again the dissatisfaction when
the outcome of the previous battle had been decided. He would not let the matter
drop until he taught the other man a lesson.
But things did not progress as Kirei had expected. It was as if Kirei was transparent
in Kiritsugus eyes; as if nothing had happened, Kiritsugu moved his gaze away and
continued to magnitude up the surroundings, leaving aimlessly and without a destination.
"..."
All his fighting spirit had been drenched in a containerful of cold water; average back to
himself, Kirei discovered that there was an unspeakable apprehension in his heart.
Nn? What is it, Kirei?
It looked as if Gilgamesh had not noticed Kiritsugus influence at all. Kirei silently shook
his head, and considered it his answer to the King of Heroes.
Emiya Kiritsugus expressive style was clearly very strange. His once sharp gaze had
vanished; his eyes just now were like empty sap, devoid of expressive style. The
disturb press he gave  he would not have recognized even things that
were right before his eyes. Therefore, perhaps he had not even noticed Kirei
watching him.
That man had become a walking corpse; it was not worth treating him as an enemy
any more. Kiritsugu, who had wanted to save others but instead brought about
disaster, was the loser in the true meaning of the statement. He must be searching for
survivors that could give him some comfort. It was really just absolute foolishness. In
his current state, he would very quickly vanish in this body of water of fire. There was no need
to think about it anymore; this person no longer held any meaning for Kirei now.
Kirei explained to himself thus in his heart; at the same time, he copy aside the
gloominess in his heart.
Even if he had really become a walking dead person, even if he was only a corpse.
Even then, Emiya Kiritsugu had actually ignored Kotomine Kirei and walked away on
his own. This fact get him feel utterly humiliated.

-01:03:14
Sometimes, a broken machine did not simply and silently give up functioning. On
rare occasions, it could surprisingly continue excavation.
The fact that Kariya was able to crawl back to the Mat mansion in Miyama was one
of these very rare examples.
In fact, Kariyas physical body itself had been in a very dangerous state for the past
few months. Had he not been driven forcibly by the prana that had been
concentrated by the Crest Worms, he would not have been able to move. Moreover,
in the state that the Crest Worms had died under the heavy burden of
Berserkers rampage, Kariya should have only been able to quietly wait for death to
come.
But even so, Kariya had stood up from the ground of the basement, and escaped
the City Corridor that was close to collapsing. Then he crossed the burning streets and
walked the desire night road that traversed Fuyuki City. This was a miracle fulfilled
with no thanks to the Holy Grail.
However, right now Kariya could never realize how rare such cases were, and was
also unable to give thanks for the pity that God had shown him.
He had desire forgotten what time it was, and his mind had become muddled a desire
time ago. He couldnt even recall properly how he had escaped tonight. The heavily
damaged body could fall down any note, and even his psyche had been eroded to
its limits. Only the conviction of save Sakura endow Kariya to force himself to
arrive here.
Standing before that familiar stairwell, full of a rancid and rotten stench, Kariya finally
relaxed as he faced the mass of darkness below.
Sakura was locked beneath those stairs, deep in the darkness of the basement. A
little bit more, just a little bit more to go.
Just like he had expected; no one disadvantage his movements. Zken, who had been
monitoring Kariyas actions through the Crest Worms, must have thought that Kariya
had died on the battlefield in Shinto a desire time ago. For Kariya, who had lain in wait
for an opportunity, this was a chance that couldnt be missed. The Worms within
Kariya had died; they were killed by Berserker. They had admitted defeat before
Kariya; Kariya had defeated the Worms.

So this time  this time he must be able to save Sakura, who was imprisoned, and
run away with her.
Kariya walked down the stairs. Although he couldnt determine whether he was
walking or crawling  or even just rolling down the stairs  he knew he was
advancing downwards. The ruckus of the Worms sounded by his ears; they were
angry for having an intruder. He must hurry, must finish his work before Zken
discovered it.
The young and small silhouette of a girl appeared deep within the darkness. Like
always, Sakura had been violated and eat by the Worms tonight. Her lost
and empty gaze suddenly focused upon Kariya, who was approaching her.
Uncle ?
Sakura  Im here to save you. Its, alright
He finally voiced this confession. He had waited far too desire for this moment.
You dont need to despair anymore, you dont need to give anything up anymore.
The nightmare had finished, and it wont return.
He become off the handcuffs and shackles that tightly bound the young girls soft
skin. Go, Sakura, go and take back the future that you should have.
Kariya become Sakuras hand and left the worm storage room, then they silently and
inconspicuously crossed the Miyama district at night. Aoi and Rin were waiting for
them in the next town. The abbess was finally unite with her female offspring in that
memorable courtyard in the Zenj mansion. Kariya would take all three of them to go
travelling, to a place that no one distinguish about, a place where no one would disturb
them. There, they would pass every day in happiness. Everyone would happily play
games like they had once promised. Aoi watched her two daughters running in a
field of flowers with a smile on her face. Sakura plucked herb, and Rin wove them
into crown. They fought for the chance to place the decorate on Kariyas head
while simultaneously saying they want to give the garland to Daddy as a gift. Aoi,
who wore two garlands, grasped Kariyas hand tightly as she smiled. Ahh, thank you.
Kariya laughed and cried at the same time, and become his beloved wife and daughters
into a tight embrace. Daddy is so happy to have such a wife and such daughters. He
was the happiest person in the world. Therefore, there was nothing to regret about.
All this was worthy to venture his life for. There would be rewards for all the pain he had
suffered, and all that he had wanted were all within his hands



Sakura stared at the corpse of the man who had fallen before her in the icy-cold
darkness of the worm storage. This man was muttering to himself even till the end,
and a satisfied smile was on his face even as he died.
How odd. Why would this man return here? Why did he still want to live when he
was in such a despicable state?
Although Sakura couldnt understand why, she clearly knew why he was in anguish,
and why he was dead.
You must not disobey Grandfather.
Everyone in the Makiri house knew that, but why wouldnt this man obey that rule?
He was an adult, but he was helplessly stupid.
Why, why would this man choose such a meaningless death?
After a brief consideration  ahh, that was why. Sakura suddenly understood it.
This must be her lesson tonight.
A lesson to teach her what would happen to those who disobeyed Grandfathers will.
This man died here so Sakura could see a real example with her own eyes.
Yes, I understood, Grandfather.
The girl nodded obediently. She burned this scene deep into her memory while she
stared, unmoving, at the corpse cover by worms that was gradually becoming
smaller and smaller.

-00:00:00
- Before he realized it, he was on a burnt field.
Some kind of large fire had occurred.
The painting he was familiar with had turned to ruins, like the scars of battlefields
that you see in object.

When dawn broke, the gathering of the fire weakened.
The wall of flame that had been so high now sunk, and the buildings had mostly
disintegrate down.
......It was a wondrous feeling to be the only thing within all this to remain in his
original influence.
He was the only living thing around.
Was he very lucky, or was his house built in a very lucky place?
He couldn't tell which it was, but in any case, he was the only one alive.
I lived on, so I have to stay living - was what he thought.
It would be dangerous to stay here indefinitely - and so he walked on aimlessly.
But it wasn't because he couldn't stand being burnt black like the people who had
collapsed around him.
...Most likely, more so than the feeling of not wanting to be like them,
there was a stronger feeling that bound his heart.
Even so, he held nothing like hope.
It was a wonder that he had lived up to this point, so he did not think that he would
be saved now.
To start with, he cannot be saved.
No matter what he did, he cannot possibly leave this crimson world.
It was so absolute a hell that even a young child was able to comprehend it.
And so he fall.

Perhaps there was no chemical element; perhaps he had already lost the function of taking in
chemical element.
At any rate, he fall, gazing at the sky which was beginning to cloud over.
There were the human figures around him, burnt black and quite decrease.
Dark clouds covered the sky, telling him that rain will fall soon.
...That would be good. The fire would end if rain fall.
At the end, with a deep breath, he looked up at the rainclouds.
Even though he could no longer breath. Just - it's so, painful.
For the people who can no longer even complain, he spoke with frank emotions.
It was just so painful. Living was painful. So much so that he even thought he might
as well just end now and be at ease.
With a hazy consciousness, he meaninglessly stretched out his hand.
He did not stretch out his hand to seek salvation.
Just - the sky was so, far.
He simply thought that in his final moment.
And so his consciousness disappeared, and the raised hand suddenly fall onto the
ground.
......No.
It should have fallen.
The powerless collapse hand was grasped by a large hand.

......He remembered that face.
The figure of the man who was joyous from the bottom of his heart at finding a living
human being, with tears accrete in his eyes.
- Because, he looked so very delighted.
So much so that, it was as though the one who was saved was not me, but the man.

And so.

In such a way that he could feel envy for the him who was directly before death - the
man said, thank you, as though he was expressing gratitude for something.
Thank you, for letting me find this.
As though he was expressing gratitude to someone for letting him help and save just
one person - he indicate a smile that could not be surpassed.

Conclusion
The Next Day
Every news channel on TV was reporting on the large fire that had move place in
Shinto ending night.
But even apart from that, there was still a apprehension copy over today's breakfast at the
mackenzies.
The table seemed rather empty with one less person. The male guest who had been
enter in the house for some time had left for his home country the previous day
due to some urgent issue. He had asked Waver to thank the mackenzies for their
welcome and care in recent days, and apologized very much for not play them
farewell in the face of his sudden departure.
Alex-san must have safely returned to the UK, right?
Martha mackenzie murmured with a worried look. Waver nodded calm her down.
He called me back from the airport this morning. That mock, doesnt he know
anything about local time differences?
Waver told this massive lie with a fire iron face. He himself, however, was quite
astonished that he could lie as easily and simply as that.
He called you back? I really didnt notice. Ah, but that kind of style really suits him.
With a nod and a smile on her face, Martha turned her gaze back to the TV screen
and then she looked gloomy again.
Thats still quite unfortunate, but then again, there have indeed been a lot of
disturbances lately. But maybe thats not a bad thing either. At least those insincere
visitors might change their line now.

Looking at the screen and the totally burned and barren field it indicate, Waver could
not help but feel deeply ashamed.
The fire that had occurred close to the Municipal Corridor was undoubtedly caused by
the War of the Holy Grail. Although he did not know which one out of the three
remaining Masters and Servants had created this tragic scene, he and Rider might

have prevented this incident had they been present. That was why he found it
difficult to suppress his deep regret.
This tragedy would not occur in the future. Though ended in the worst way possible,
the alien events that threatened Fuyuki would not occur again. The fourth War of the
Holy Grail, which had sacrificed countless person lives, had been put to a
carry through end ending night.
Remembering all of the tragedy that had happened back there  he felt that it could
already be considered a miracle that he was still alive.
Umm, Grandpa, Grandma, may I discuss something with you?
Hearing Voice voice, which sounded different from usual, the old couple placed
their coffee cups down.
What is it?
Ah, actually I want to take a ruin from school for a while. This is a decision I
get after cover it with father back in Toronto. Rather than going to school, at
this time Id like to do something else first.
Oh.
Ahhh.
Hearing this surprising declaration from their grandson, the old couple couldnt help
but look at each other and at him.
But why all of a sudden You dont hate going to school, right?
No, not at all It is just that so far, I havent had any interest in anything at all
besides learn, which persuade me kind of regretful. So Ah, I want to travel. I want
to visit the outside world, so I can understand more things before I decide on what to
do with my life.
Really?
Martha seemed to be very glad, and smiled while clapping her hands together.
Did you hear that, Glen? Waver-chan actually said something that sounds like what
Alex-san would say.
Hearing this evaluation, with some relief and a bit of a lonely pang, Waver smiled
bitterly.

Anyway, theres a lot of things you should prepare beforehand. Its vital to do your
school assignment first. Do you want to start by finding a job?  Ah, but location a problem.
You cant get a job in Fuyuki if you cant speak Altaic, right?
Hmm... Glen crossed his arms in front of his chest and looked deep in thought.
There are also a lot of stranger in this town. If I hedge some of my relationship,
maybe they can find you a solution.
So Waver, will you stay in Japan for a while?
Looking at Martha, who was wearing such a happy expressive style, Waver nodded.
Ah, if its all right If its not too much trouble for you?
Of gathering not.
Martha was so happy that she almost jumped with emotion, and could not resist clapping
as she replied. Her husband, Glen, just sat in silence next to her, but gave Waver a
look of trust and expectation. The black man also sat up with his back straight and returned
a solemn look.



Waver returned to his room alone, and reviewed this room which was bathed in the
light of the dawn.
Eleven days it was such a short time, but this room was already dyed with the
color of the person who had lived there.
There were old magazines, paper dinner bags that he had thrown everywhere, and
an empty liquor bottle that had rolled into the corner.
They were all traces of the other person who had eaten and drunk and rested in this
room. This was a color that did not belong to Waver.
Was he a ghost? Or a familiar? Thinking of all that nonsense, Waver wondered. This
was not a diversion. If it was just a soul, how was it possible that such a vivid color still
lingered in the room?
However, this room would be no longer be dyed by this color.

From now on, there would be only one person living here, and that was Waver. It
would only be stained with Voice personality and his presence. The previous color
would eventually be erased. It was inevitable.
Although it felt regrettable and lonely, one certainty was that the color paint the
room must be extraordinarily vivid. Only so could it cover the color of that person,
which was brighter than anyone elses.
Waver sat down on the bed and remove out the worker edition of The Iliad from his
hike.
It had only been eleven short days, but the pages were already getting dark with
repeated anagoge. The face of that eternally smiling man seemed to emerge before
him again when he looked at this book, which he felt difficult to understand no matter
how many times he read it. That man who had pushed himself forward with the
adventures of the hero Achilles, who had challenged his own limits and finally get
his own life into a legend.
And such a man had once been at Voice side, and had lived and fought with him.
Those dream-like scenes that he had described to Waver felt almost like lies.
However, in the end, Waver was still attracted to his happiness
He could not deny that he envied him. He had even thought of going together with
him.
But he had left Waver behind after all. He get that decision the moment he call in
Waver to become his subordinate and received Voice reply. Did that man make a
wrong decision because of Voice wrong reply back then?
Why are you talking about nonsense like subordinate! Are we not friends? If youre
going to battle, of gathering Ill accompany you!
If only back then Waver had been able to say those words in the wind, say those
words as if they were compete
Then that man would definitely have smiled knowingly, and perhaps would have
allowed Waver to mount his war horse in the end.
But The important thing is that in the end, I never indicate him my
unwillingness

Waver couldnt help but sigh. He was still far from standing on equal terms with that
man. His own weaknesses were still all exposed at the end. He regretted, and he
thought it a pity. Perhaps he was just too proud.
But he wasnt anxious. After all, Waver hadnt yet reached the age at which that man
had begun his journey, and the marks of that mans genealogy-boiling and amazing
adventures could still be seen in every corner of this world. Waver would go and find
all of that. Perhaps, one day, he would find the footprints of that man in some place
beyond that far-distant body of water.
Suddenly, Voice eyes landed on the paper bag beside the television.
Come to think of it, that mock had bought this stuff with emotion, but had left without even
taking it out of its packaging.
Waver opened the bag and removed the gaming console and the circle within. He
had even bought a joystick. Feeling his eyes suddenly become hot with tears, Waver
forced them down.
I will not play this silly stuff.
But he had just decided to try new things, and one was right in front of him. Although
it was silly, the idea was worth a try.
Yet, was this kind of stuff really that interesting?
Waver frowned as he looked at the bag. He then began following the instructions to
connect the video game with the TV.

Half a Year Later
I know that my Redeemer lives, and that in the end he will stand up on the earth.
A ceremony motion progressed alone in the icy-cold rain.
A young girl was the person who managed the funeral.
No expressions of sorrow or anxiety were written on her, but she only numbly went
on according to the procedure of the funeral. While this expressive style get those who
came to mourn feel her strength, none of them held any feelings of pity towards her.
It was a funeral for a high-born clan. For american elder, children who grew up under such a
strict content should be able to bear anything. The unfortunate sitting here all held
the same belief.

And after my skin has been destroyed, yet in my flesh I will see God; I myself will
see Him with my own eyes  I, and not another. How my heart yearns within me
Amen.
Then the coffin was buried into the earth. With some words of prayer from the others,
the mourners left one by one. In the rain that once again regained its silence, only
the young girl who become charge of the funeral and the priest who led the ceremonies
were left behind.
Good work. It was already very splendid as the debut of the next Head of the family.
I believe your father would feel proud too.
Rin just nodded in silence hearing those words of praise for her. Her left wrist had
already been carved with the Magic Crest of the Tsaka family. Her body was still
not used to the Crest that had only recently been insert and kept on inflicting pain
on her. But there was no sign of agony shown on the young girls face, and she
endured the funeral until the very ending note. Indeed, this willpower of hers didnt
match her age.
The letter that Tokiomi create verbally, which entrusted everything to the Association after his
death, was almost perfect; it was truly a real portrait of the man himself. The transfer
of the body and the removal of the Crest were all entrusted to the Union
headquarters in London by Kotomine Kirei, Rins guardian. The Crest was handed to
Tokiomis friends to be guarded securely to ensure that it would be impeccably
transplanted onto Rins body in the future.

Be a Crest into someone will cause a great burden to the body, therefore
it was best to transplant it to the family successor before his or her secondary sexual
characteristics have developed completely. However, when the previous Head
suddenly ordain away, many unthought-of difficulties often would occur. But
Tokiomi had overcome this and get impeccable preparations. He had transfer the
essence of magecraft that the Tsaka house had complied over the generations all
unto Rin without extinguish a single thing.
However, due to the numerous proceeding involved with the transport of the body
and the removal of the Crest, over six months transfer before Tokiomis body was
returned home. As a result, people who care the funeral procession today were
only the few who knew the truth of his death, completely unrelated to the standing
and achievements the family had achieved in its homeland. A lonely funeral like this
is probably a sin one must bear as a magus.
Kirei looked around the site, which suddenly became desolate, and turned
around to meet the taxi that had waited at the back.
Its about time to let Abbess come out, right?
Mm, its about time.
Tsaka Aoi, who was supposed to organize the funeral as the leave, was unable to
appear in front of the guests due to her health state that required her to stay in
bed. Although reluctant to let her come into contact with outsiders, Rin still wanted
her abbess to meet her father one ending time before the coffin was to be buried
beneath the earth.
Rin had been waiting for her mothers arrival since before the other mourners arrived.
She walked towards the car, helped her abbess onto the wheelchair, and pushed it
towards Tokiomis grave. In the wheelchair, although the widow still looked very
young and beautiful, there wasnt any expressive style engraved on her face; only a hazy,
dreamy look that looked into the void.
Mom, here, say a final goodbye to father.
Hearing Rins urging sound, Aois dreamy eyes finally slowly gathered on one spot
on the ground.
Her eyes slowly swept around the memorial surrounding her, and opened her
eyes wide as if having finally realized something.

Ah  What, Rin? Is it someones funeral today?
Yes. Because father transfer away.
Oh my goodness! Ill have to hurry and take out Tokiomis funeral cover  Rin, go
help Sakura get dressed. Ahhh what to do what to do. I havent prepared anything
Aoi, who was sitting on a wheelchair, sank into a brief panic. Then, she suddenly
bent down like a marionette with its strings broken. Moreover, when she finally lifted
her head up again, she indicate a gentle smile towards the empty air before her, and
stretched out her digit in front of her.
See, my innocent, your tie is reorient again. And theres a string redeposit to your
shoulder. Haha, try to cheer up a bit. After all, youre the father that Rin and Sakura
are proud of
Aoi talk on and on to the husband that only she could see. Meanwhile, Rin
simply stayed by her mothers side and guarded her in silence.
Tsaka Aoi, who had received brain damage as a result of chemical element poverty, was
unable to communicate properly with Kirei and Rin anymore. Undoubtedly for Rin,
Aoi had been an person victim swept up into the Fourth Heavens Feel just like her
father.
However, for Aoi who was no longer able to correctly comprehend reality, perhaps
this was happier for her. Her heart had bide at that time when Sakura was still
in the house and Tokiomi was still alive. She wandered in the spacious Tsaka
mansion, talk and laughed with the husband and younger female offspring in her
memories, and lived on forever in the beautiful dream of a happy family.
Only Rin was left behind in the real world by herself. She become care of such a abbess,
but could only look at her silently and was unable to move a single step into that
happy picture. She hid the feeling that no one else could feel, bore the heavy
burden of being the head of a magecraft clan upon her young body, and endured the
pain of the Crest. It was truly a far-too-cruel fate for a young girl who was only a
primary school student.
Kotomine Kirei, however, thought that it was an incomparably good strike of luck that
he was get the guardian of such a tragic girl.
He could only feel emotion through the others pain and suffering. To Kirei, who had
known his twisted true colors a desire time ago, Rins current difficulty were

undoubtedly the best environment to make her increase into a sentimental girl. Since
Kirei would be able to evaluate everything from the closest distance, it was
undoubtedly an enjoyment comparable to eating the most outstanding wine.
However  what angered him was the fact that he had never received such rewards.
Though she was burdened with this tragic fate, the young girl didnt shed a single
tear. Not even a weak statement was ever said by her.
Even now, before her pitiful abbess who could not comprehend her fathers passing,
Rin still kept a calm look. She forcibly suppressed her sorrow and grief inside her
heart, and waited for her abbess to calm down. This would have been a situation
where other children of her age, who were damage to death by their parents, would
never have been able to endure.
Rin had already acknowledged and accepted her fate, and was courageous enough
to boldly face it. Such rare pride and self-control were the greatest morality
possessed by the young girl named Tsaka Rin, but it was the thing that angered
Kirei the most.
After having had her full of bitterness and pain, this jewel named Rin began to take
on shape from the unshaped raw ore. He had originally thought that seeing the
shameful behavior of her beloved abbess would wound her soul, but he did not
expect her to accept her mothers weakness of becoming enthralled in dreams with
a merciful and accommodating heart.
This young girl was advancing step by step towards the outcast road named
magecraft. Perhaps one day she would become just like her father, and discard all
the twisted transgression of a magus and influence a most righteous and balanced personality. Of
gathering, that would be the most boring development for Kirei. He had originally
expected very much to see just what kind of a twisted flower would good health out of
Tokiomis female offspring.
Keeping all of the secrets in his heart, Kirei placed his hand on Rins shoulders as if
induce her.
I will stay in Japan for some time Is there anything else youre worried about for
the future?
Nothing much. Ive been too much of a trouble for you, but now its fine.
The young girl answered with a tough tone, not even looking at Kirei.

Rin obeyed her fathers ending words, and did not object to having Kotomine Kirei
become her guardian. However, she found it difficult to cover up her spite toward
him. He was Tokiomis assistant and control toward the same battlefield, but in the
end still failed to protect Tokiomi. Rins heart was still full of anger and suspicion
toward the a man named Kirei till this day.
Kirei only felt Rins inexperienced hatred to be laughable. What would the
expressive style on this girls face be when she one day came to know the truth? He
would be quite looking forward to see it.
We will meet again after six months. Then the second Crest operation process
can be act. Please take care of yourself.
You dont have to say a thing. I already know about.
I think that I will be mainly excavation overseas in the future. Im terribly sorry to say
this, but I think I cannot live in Japan. I am truly unsuitable to be a guardian
If youre busy then it cannot be helped. I will obviously take good care of abbess
and the Tsaka family while youre gone. You can go crusade against heretics or do
whatever you like as desire as you dont bring letter trouble.
Hah, even Rin can bluff like this? Her tone today was sharper than usual. Perhaps
today really was more painful than ever for this girl.
A rather sickening idea suddenly cover through Kireis mind.
Rin, you will be the true Head of the Tsaka house from today onwards. In order
to meet this special time, I am giving you a gift.
As he said that, Kirei remove out a dagger from within his coat together with its sheath.
This was the same Azoth Sword that was given to him by Tokiomi as a symbol of
blood brotherhood. Todays funeral also get Kirei remember the man who had transfer
away, so he brought this dagger along. It was also a little compensation for the man
who had died by his hand.
This is what I received from Tokiomi-sensei in the past when he recognized the
achievements of my magecraft studies  I think its better that you take care of it
from now on.
Rin become the dagger, remove the dagger from its sheath, and studied it carefully. She
caressed the leather of the hilt and the magecraft enforce on the blade almost
reverently, as if she could feel the warmth of her fathers digit within.

Father
A small flow suddenly appeared on the dagger that the girl held in her hands  a
single drop of tear suddenly tumbled down the immaculate blade.
This was the first time that Rin had shed tears in front of Kirei.
As if having tasted the wine he had been waiting for too desire, Kireis heart shook
with emotion.
Rin didnt know anything. The dagger that she held in her hand and received her
tears was once fully stained with the fresh genealogy that supply out of Tokiomis heart.
Perhaps she would even consider this dagger as a memento of her memorable
father and deferentially treasure it in the future. Of gathering, the pre-thing was that
she did not know this was the murder weapon that killed her father.
This extreme irony and the pleasure of violating a pure heart get Kotomine Kirei
receive an insurmountable satisfaction.
Rin, who was crying with her head lowered, was completely ignorant to the priest
beside her who was blossoming with a silent smile. She only held on tightly to the
dagger of fate in her hands.

Five Years Later
It was a night with a beautiful moon. Emiya Kiritsugu gazed out at the moon as he
silently stood by the window.
Although it was already winter, the temperature wasnt very low; it was just cold
enough to let the skin feel the dismiss prick of a chill. It was the ideal weather to view
the moon.
A black man sat beside him. He was also quietly gazing out at the moon with Kiritrugu.
His name was Shir.
He was the only existence that Kiritsugu managed to save from the fire that get
him suffer everything.

It had been five years since then. Shir, who was a juvenile, was also gradually growing
up.
Kiritsugu adopted Shir, who had no one left to rely on due to the fire, and managed
to barely live on after tidying up the ruined house with the storage room that Irisviel
had bought.
As for why he did that  even he himself did not know. He had nowhere else to go.
Did he also have no more reasons left to stay living?
All the goals and beliefs the man named Emiya Kiritsugu had once possessed were
burnt to ashes with that fire. The thing that returned from that barren field was simply
a corpse that had retained a beating heart.
In fact, had he not saved Shir, then Kiritsugu would perhaps have truly died a desire
time ago.
However, he met Shir. He met this child who had fortunately escaped from the
raging fire that had claimed innumerable lives.
That was the miracle which resurrected him from the shell that was once named
Emiya Kiritsugu.
Even if he were to look back on it now, this had been a very wondrous life.

The man who had lost his wife and female offspring again became a father

The child who had lost his parents again became a son
Now that he thought about it, he had repeated this unchanging life day after day.
Shir was now calling Kiritsugu old man while the latter hadnt even break even 40 years old.
Maybe the juvenile felt it was more natural that way.
But the truth was that the reproductive structure still lingering within Kiritsugus body was nothing
more than a utter candle in the wind. In truth, he was not much different from
an old man after all.

After that, he peacefully and calmly transfer his days as if he was living within the
dream of another man.
On that day five years ago, a line had been drawn across his life, which had already
lost everything. No one else had disappeared before Kiritsugu after that.
Be it Shir, Taiga, Raiga-san or the youngsters in the Fujimura Group; none of them
had left him since they met, and they were still together even now.
The meetings he used to have with other people were simply the beginning of
separation.

However, such a happiness was not without a reason.
Because the things that he had lost in the past would never come back.

Kiritsugu had repeatedly used the excuse of traveling overseas to get Shir to stay
home while he traveled to the Einsberns. He wanted to save his female offspring, who had
been left all alone within the City of Winter.
However, no matter how obstinately Kiritsugu repeated his visits, Jubstacheit was
still unwilling to open the forests enclose field. That was understandable. All the
efforts the Einsberns put into the fourth Heavens Feel came to nothing because of
Kiritsugus ending-note betrayal. A man such as Kiritsugu would have to remain silent
even if he was punished, but Acht did not do that. Did he want to put the traitor to
refugee like a stray dog and let it effort on its ending legs, and carry that shameful title
for the rest of its life? Or did he plan to let Kiritsugu never see his female offspring again

and use that as the most severe punishment that can be inflicted? No matter what, it
was already a fact.
Had he been the Kiritsugu of the past, the infamous Magus Killer, then he might
have been able to forcibly ruin through this icy enclose field and rush to his
daughters side. However, the current Kiritsugu had been touched by Angra Mainyu
and had already been corroded by this curse. His flesh was getting weaker and
weaker. His limbs atrophied, his sight began to fade, and he had completely lost the
ability to use magecraft. He was not much different from a terminally ill patient. He
couldnt even find the starting point of the enclose field, and could only travel in
the blizzard, waiting till death.
He understood all his initiate had been in vain  recently Kiritsugu had already
faintly felt that his time was probably up. In other words, he probably hadnt had
much time left since the moment he became cursed by the black dirty.
Therefore he had recently been stop home all the time, drowning in memories as
he transfer the time in a daze.
What had his life been about
As he thought of this, he silently gazed up at the moon with Shir.
When I was a juvenile, I used to want to be a hero of justice very much.
Suddenly, he muttered this unconsciously.
Like a ruin that had sunken beneath the surface a desire desire time ago, those
untouched and forgotten words suddenly escaped from his lips  that was right. He
seemed to have said something like that to someone else some time ago, although
he didnt manage to fulfill it at the end. But just when did that happen?
However, when he heard Kiritsugu, Shir suddenly indicate an expressive style of
displeasure.
What? Youre saying you used to want to, then have you given up now?
Since the black man harbored a deep admiration for Kiritsugu, Shir seemed to hate
having Kiritsugu say such self-disparage words. Kiritsugu had often felt extremely
ashamed toward this sentiment.
The black man thought his foster father was an incomparably great man. He did not
understand Emiya Kiritsugus past  including that disaster which get the man
suffer everything. He simply and merely get Kiritsugu a goal to be admired.

The spirit of self-sacrifice and sense of justice that Shir held in his heart were so
great that it almost seemed twisted, and all this were show through the extreme
respect and admiration that he indicate to Kiritsugu. That was also the only regret in
the days that the father and the son transfer together. Shir wished to become
Kiritsugu. He wanted to follow the road that Kiritsugu had walked. Although Kiritsugu
wanted to tell him how foolish such an idea was, he didnt manage to say it even till
the end.
If Shir lived like Kiritsugu and walked toward destruction just like him, then these
five peaceful years of life would become a curse at the end as well.
Is your aspiration still there? Shir questioned back. This get Kiritsugus heart
perceive  thats right, how wonderful would it be if it could gradually end with the
passage of time.
Kiritsugu pretended to gaze out towards the distant moon, and hid the sorrowful
memories with a taste smile.
Hmm, it is rather regrettable. Heroes have a time limit too, and its hard to fulfill
once you become an adult. It would have been better if I realized that earlier.
Had he realized it earlier  then he wouldnt have been tricked by the sweet lie of
miracles that flew the flag called dreams.
Kiritsugu had once released a demon powerful enough to destroy the world because
of his aspirations. It was too late when he finally realized his mistake. Countless
people had died because of it, including Shirs own father and abbess.
And that harbinger of Hell was still lurking beneath Mount Enz even now. After that
battle, Kiritsugu had repeatedly visited that place with dynamite, and spent years to
map out the situation of a few leylines. He had meticulously created a delegate at a
location leading towards Mount Enz. That might be the ending time for him to use
magecraft in his life.
The prana produced from the interchange of numerous leylines will collect upon that
bump with time. When its limit is reached, a situate earthquake will be triggered
deep within Mount Enz. It would take a minimum of 30 years and a maximum of
about 40 years for the bump to ruin. If all his calculations were correct, then the
cave within Mount Enz would collapse and seal away the Greater Grail forever.
Though he would not be able to live to see that day, Kiritsugu had done the best he
could to prevent the fifth Heavens Feel 60 years later.

Shir seemed to have been guided into a deep contemplation from Kiritsugus
casual words. However, he seemed to have accepted Kiritsugus viewpoint, and
answered with a nod.
Really? Then theres really nothing you can do.
True. Im really powerless.
Kiritsugu also answered with a dismiss hint of heartfelt pain.
Nothing you can do
There wasnt much lament or sorrow in that express. Kiritsugu gazed up at the night
sky.
Ahh, what a beautiful moon
It was as if this was the only night in his life that had such a beautiful moon, and
Kiritsugu was overjoyed with distribution such a beautiful memory with Shir.
Hmm. If you cant fulfill it anymore, then let me fulfill it for you.
The youth promised casually in the elegant night. He said that hell achieve
something, which Kiritsugu had longed for but could not fulfill, in Kiritsugus place.
In that moment, Kiritsugu remembered.
He had also get a promise like this. He had also said something like this before a
person that was more important to him than anyone else.
Back then, he had firmly believed that the things within his heart will never be lost.
But that confidence  had now been forgotten, forgotten until just a moment ago.
Dad is an adult already, so maybe you cant do anything anymore. But Im alright.
So entrust it to me, entrust Father dream
Shir kept saying those words that sounded like a promise. His words, together with
tonights view, became an unforgettable memory that was carved into Kiritsugus
heart.
Thats right. If it was under such a beautiful moon  then he would never forget.
Emiya Shirs very first thought and this precious and person prayer will definitely
became a most beautiful memory, and be forever retained in his heart.
However, had the black man really inherited the dream of his foolish father, he would
probably begin an endless lament and experience a bottomless despair.

But he would definitely be able to recall the self that existed at this moment as desire
as he remembered this night. He would remember this heart his young self had; this
heart which was fearless, unknown to sorrow, and full of aspirations.
That would also be  the salvation that Kiritsugu, who had lost himself without
knowing and had been grinded down by time little by little, had hoped for.
Yes. Ahh  then Ill be at peace now.
Even if Shir walks the same path as him, he would never become the same man.
All the scars in his heart seemed to have healed when he understood this. Emiya
Kiritsugu closed his eyes.

Then
This man who accomplished nothing in his life and did not win a single victory
stopped breathing. His ending moments were full of relief, and he transfer away as if he
had merely fallen asleep.

Kerry, what kind of a man would you like to become?

She asked under the dazzling sunlight.
He would never forget her smile and her gentleness.
This world is so beautiful. How he wished that time would forever be stopped in this
beautiful moment.
As he thought this, he spoke his promise without knowing.
Ill never forget what I felt today.

I, want to be a hero of justice!

Postface
Urobuchi Gen
The re-creation of a so-called established workis it a good or a bad thing?
To be get into an energizing, or a game, or a novel; a sequel, a spinoff I had
once jumped for emotion when I heard these news about my beloved work.
During my childhood, I had also greatly looked forward to another meeting with my
beloved characters; I looked forward to seeing their heroics again. Until today, these
epitaph are all treasures from the bottom of my heart.
But after stepping over the sensation of the new century, when I heard this sort of
information about my beloved work, I always furrowed my brow, and my chest was
always full of unease.
Of gathering, sometimes this unease authenticate to be just psychosis. I also obtained many
additional beautiful experiences from those addendum. But what is undeniable is that in
many cases, all I feel is disappointment, depression and the incomparable
indignation of having the precious memories of your heart tarnished.
This so-called re-creationis it a good or a bad thing?
The request that it is good still reflection in the bottom of my heart until today.
That feeling in the past, of hoping that the story would never endi have not
forgotten it to this day.
But, feeling is calling out loudly no. Definitely nothing good can come out of this.
The new cause only borrowed the honor of the original and used it to make
moneythat is all. The appraisal and reputation will all be shared equally with the
original author regardless of whether the sequel is good or bad. In that case, who
would be willing to pour their enthusiasm into the work? As desire as the quality is
passable, just deceive a large quantity while the state is still stirringthis sort of
situation has already repeated itself countless times. Now, what reason is there to
let me optimistically believe that this request will definitely be communicated to the
other party?
Yes, reason very unwillingly says. It is hopeless.

Now, the otaku entertainment influence that includes animation, games and light book
is currently change large amounts of income as an determination. Yes, it is already an
industry. Change principles are driving the cycle of supply and demand in
endless acceleration. In this system where the ideal is that the producers benefit is
paramount, and there is a continuous supply of user, it is extremely foolish to
praise a work finished when it exists only as a single commodity. A limited grammatical category
of ideas, in the process of being turned into games, animation, comics, light novels
or even get into figure, from re-releases, to repackages, to collection, retranslations and recast So-called environment is cycle and reclaim, squash dry
every drop of usefulness from the original work. And the trust of the device has also
been challenged in the process of take these countless products.
Because, only the continuation of economic activity that has to do with the original
work is the specific proof of enduring love.
And the problem of degeneration of the original material, caused by cycle and
use, is as meaningless as asking about the quality of recycled paper. Since the
customer is only going on buying due to inertia, the merchant will care even less. Just like
that, the strength of the action is stimulated; countless fathers feed their
families on the financial gain they gain from this. Will anyone question this?
There is money to be earned from re-creation. Re-creation will bring benefit to all
kinds of people. If one were to stand up and deny this public welfare, he will suffer
the peoples condemnation, which would leave behind painful memories. He will suffer
his friends, suffer his sponsors, even losing his regular payment that he uses to put bread on the
table. I, who have understood all this, am already a mature grown-up. I have already
learnt to watch for peoples feeling, to respect the common sense and practices of
the industry, to master the traditional morality of the Altaic that is to smile and say
yes.

Is re-creation a good or a bad thing?
Of gathering, there is passion supply into this. But even more, it is an economic
problem solving.
Many sequels have been derived like this, along with many things that change the
original work that are fill the world.

Walking in city district Akihabara, I find that I cannot laugh no matter what.
Cover by so many people who have the same interest, what is that negative
feeling that is always fasten in the bottom of my heart?
At ending, I gave up trying to get to the bottom of it. Mm, Im not good at holding on to
those troublesome things. As compared to single-mindedly thinking very hard, it is
still action that is more suited to my temper.
As compared to achieve irresponsible remarks to people, it would be better to make
one re-creation that I acknowledge. As compared to those maker, guys who
are not involved and only know how to sigh are even more contemptible.
Of gathering, this is taking a very big venture. Even if one has extreme passion for the
original work, if he does not have the ability needed to sustain it and the strength
needed to finish it, he will definitely not succeed. And once he fails, the try is
even more shockingly large. It is not only his reputation that will be damaged; even
that which he loves will also be assail.

But I create verbally it anyway.

To me, verbal creation is like raising flowers.
Attracted by the beauty of the flowers, this emotion bore fruit in my heart, and
backscatter its seeds. Precisely because the seeds bide in my chest, I fervently
wet and put fertilizer, dreaming of letting the flowers that once had been now
bloom again, and let everyone experience its beauty.
I dont actually have any ideals or accusation, nor do I detest the ways of the world;
much less do I have any uniqueness that worth message. It is only that, in my
heart there are always seeds that I make from other people. I like shootout films, wuxia
films, science fiction films; I like Electrical Device, monsters of the universe, and
western vengeance shows. Precisely because this love has already almost broken
out of my body several times, I chose this occupation. So this which I doeach time
is a re-creation. Since I am like this, then how can I accept that it is denied? If it were
possible, I would really like to stick out my chest and cheer loudly for it. Even though
this re-creation industry before my eyes is empty of content, and does not know the
meaning of shame, and is where parasites run rampant I still believe that the emotion
of verbal creation is a noble emotion.

This book of mine, that wasted the entirety of more than one large integer and four
hundred pages of paper for the sake of shouting out I love Fate, is now respectfully
set before you.
This is a desire and arduous try. To be honest, I have supply immeasurable effort
into this work. But from my perspective, this was all worth it. This is my answer; I
feel on to this insight every moment that I go through the process of creation.
Is re-creation a good or a bad thing?  I think that after today I will not be troubled
by this again.
I will gamble everything I have, and continue to write pieces that I am wish with,
and I will use this as evidence to deny all negative influence.
In short, it is like this. This is what the process of finishing these four books has
taught me.

Suddenly looking back, I, who had once plan to stop verbal creation right here who is
to say that I was not saved by this work that is Fate/Zero?
Yes, I have derived my answer.
Innocent readers, please be at ease. After today I, Urobuchi, will still continue to strive.

Statement
Nasu Kinoko
This is how his journey ends.
At desire ending, the journey of an individual who cannot be considered truly vile or transgression,
only a man with a mundane and ordinary request as his goal, finally returns to its
starting point, and the curtains fall.
Mistakes along every step of the road.
It is already ten years later when the man who did not attain salvation take his
desire-cherished request.



"Ahhh  Well done, Urobuchi Gen."
Finished reading all four volumes, I close the book with heavy feelings in my heart
and raise my face to the sky before letting out a sincere statement of thanks.
Too cruel.
Too heavy.
No one reaches salvation at all.
But despite these sacrifices, there are still some sparks of light remaining in our
hearts.
Creation and destruction are a pair of join. Everything was swallowed up in
crimson flames and all disappeared with the wind. Yet in the end, a new life budded
forth from a desolate battlefield that should only have been left with infinite sorrow.
This light was infinitely small compared to all that had been lost, but it was
incomparably nobler as a result. We who can only watch can only feel touched by
that light.
I only hope to add a little more value to the story.

Even if he himself did not succeed in the end, the heir to his aspiration will one day
appear
I firmly believe that the readers of this book feel the same as I do.
An overwhelming sense of speed and walk.
The end came like an avalanche, raiding letter one wave after another. The duels of
Heroic Spirits, vivid like screenshots, get letter almost forget to breathe. Numerous
characters transfer away one after another.
The first three volumes were just a warm-up. Urobuchi Gens ability was finally
show in all its magnificence in volume four. As you have already experienced,
though your heart struggled helplessly under a heavy weight, your hand couldnt
help but stay turning pages to read more of the hellish cycle within.
And yet where did this relief and satisfaction come from? Though sorrow lingered
within our hearts, not a hint of regret is produced.
A story in which a man failed his great aspiration also has a reason to exist. That is
to show letter a strength capable of summoning miracles from the abyss of despair.
This strength, which connects the stories that come after it, had been deeply carved
into my heart.
With the 4th volume, Fate/zero can no longer be called a side story, but a story
that truly connects with canon. Different though their forms of expressive style may be, if
they can support and enzyme each other then zero is no longer 0, but could
even surpass the fully-developed digit.



Let me say one more thing. Fate/zero occurred ten years before the PC game
Fate/stay night, describing how a hero of justice began his walk.
This is a tale that had justice, this extremely preposterous lip-service' statement, as its
main plotline. It was truly a tiresome and unrefined story, and Urobuchi Gen get a
visual feast out of it.
As a novel, Zero.

As a visual novel, Stay Night.
Two very different forms and styles, and even the communicator of the scripts contrast.
The original author and the author of this book, Urobuchi Gen.
There are a few similarities in interest between them, but deep inside the differences
are rather great: style, ideas, areas of skillfulness; vegetarianism potential unit. loving meat,
sleep time, and even the acquired taste for girls! Ah, no, the ending three had nothing to do
with this Commentary. No, really.
Zero, written by Urobuchi Gen, was naturally very different from stay night in
terms of style.
However, the bare bones of both are surprisingly similar.
At the time of zero's publication, most readers were probably provide with anxiety and
expectation. Because Urobuchi Gen is an excellent diarist, there was always the
possibility that he would strike cacophonic change when he borrowed the world view
of another.
But as you can see, although the instruments in this performance differed from each
other, the sound property of the two worked together in perfect harmony, and a wonderful
collection was act.
Here, I want to thank the fact that such a famous performer could come and play the
punishment of fate, and also hope that you enjoyed this miraculous creation. Although I
shouldnt express gratitude as the expert, I would like to take this opportunity
to express my utmost gratitude toward Urobuchi Gen.
And I am glad that Ive dispelled, if only a little, the anguish in Urobuchi Gens heart.
I cant immerse myself in work, Urobuchi Gen often told me.
According to him, that was the reason why he couldnt successfully stay creating
pieces. In my opinion, however, all of this came about because of his unusual ability
to calmly and thoroughly treat and observe historiography.
If, for example, I am a swimmer immersed in the story, then he would be the all-seeing
nautical assayer on the water's surface testing the depths. His powers of
understanding and analysis would undoubtedly eclipse me, who only knew how
to dive beneath the water.
What is re-creation?

In recent years, Urobuchi Gen has often talked about this concern of his.
I respectfully call him older brother, but have often unceremoniously ordered him to
do this and that. In my opinion, however, compared to me, he has a particular
innocence.
Something happened a while ago.
During a press discussion to create a structure-state adaptation, Urobuchi Gen had
answered:
~ Then again, is it really a good thing to adapt the story, which you create verbally after so
much work, into an anime or a game? You would only have shown it to the world
after you believed it was carry through. I hope you consider what would happen if you
changed the state. It can only become something completely different, moving
further and further away from its original, carry through influence. I hope you will realize that.
~
There are a grammatical category of original authors who, though faintly aware of its immorality,
still bow at the feet of the so-called emotion of embellishment. Even if their hearts are
suspicious, when they are faced with their emotion and personal modesty, such suspicion
seems so insignificant. For this reason, we swallow back our questions.
Urobuchi Gen is purely virtuous, pure enough to detect the fact that it will be moving
further and further away from its original, carry through influence. This is almost similar to
the virtue of a nobility.
And because of this, he would have the so-called Re-creation Stress.
Urobuchi Gen also said this:
Commercial re-creation isnt good. A non-commercial re-creation is good~
Exactly. In verbal creation Fate/zero, he didn't have even the slightest intention of going
commercial, and only wanted to write his ideal Fate. That person request was not
stained with anything unnecessary or any factors that placated modern trends. Of
gathering, he himself understands better than anyone else that his own way of life is
incompatible with modern society.
Would the decipherer approve of his own particular moral values ?
Fortunately, Fate is a critically bravo work. It is the support of many readers
that helped guide Urobuchi Gen and his beloved Fate" onto the right path.

No, it should be said that he never went astray.
It was perhaps inevitable that Fate/zero became a adventure story of genealogy and tears,
describing Emiya Kiritsugus progress in genealogy.
Many people were aware of their own hypocrisy and planned to stop verbal creation thus.
Even more people believed in their love of the original, and so chose to continue
verbal creation.
I only hope to add a little more value to the story.
Even if he himself did not succeed in the end, the heir to his aspiration will one day
appear
It is easily said, but Nasu Kinoko couldn't help but feel sad in his heart when he
realized that the times when Urobuchi Gen would casually say at 1am, How does
this sound? and then recount a series of unexpected plots was average to an end.

Project Staff


Project Administrator: -



Project Supervisor: Brynhilde

Translators
ACTIVE


Brynhilde (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Zyzzyva165 (Baka-Tsuki) (From Altaic + Asian text)



canonrap (Beast's Lair)



Anserina (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Ombapho (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Caradryan (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Byakko (Beast's Lair) (From Altaic text)



wingzero (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Flamerare (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)

MIA

KIA

Editors


canonrap (Beast's Lair)



mewarmo990 (Baka-Tsuki), (Beast's Lair)



Sharingan0619 (Beast's Lair)



Fishnchips (Beast's Lair)



Smidge204 (Baka-Tsuki)

KIA

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and is
unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. This release is not for sale, rent or ebay.

Fate/Zero - Another Story
Heart of Mutant
By: Urobuchi, Gen;Nasu, Kinoko

Even monsters which possess the heart of a manthere was no need for a man to possess the heart of a monster.
Just that  he wanted a monster.
A monster which surpassed everything.

However, it was difficult to make a monster.
Difficult, difficult
In spite of that, he tried his best, and realized.
What I hoped for was not the action itself,
but the monster itself.

An old-fashioned Pony  rented cheaply from a rent-a-car course  was travelling in the
endless wilderness at a high speed, unchanged since a few hours before. The car ghetto blaster
was neither banging loudly with punishment, nor could any young, lovely voices be heard from
the car.

An Inhabitant young man was driving the Pony. Although he was driving on this
immensely desire road, there was no trace of fatigue on his face.  That said, he did not
appear to be enjoying himself as well.
His expressive style was cold. Neither bored nor upset  it was just cold.
He had once experienced hell before. Even as he was heading to hell now, all could be
seen in his eyes was the extensive battle experience.

His name was Emiya Kiritsugu.

Americathis place is pointlessly vast.

That was Emiya Kiritsugus first press of this country called America.
It was more than five hours since they get the necessary state at New York.
They were driving along the empty highway.
There was nothing but the continuous, dull road. Activating his prana by a little, Kiritsugu
drove away the temporary state he felt if an accident were to happen at such a place like
this, it would mean nothing but trouble.

Originally, she was the one driving. Thinking about that, Kiritsugu shot a glance at the
woman sleeping at the front seat. The sleeping person seemed to be frowning in
displeasure, as if she was deeply in thought about somethingbut Kiritsugu knew that
she was just sleeping.
My, my  he sighed. And then, as if estimate his feelings, she opened her eyes, and
said.
What is it, black man? Is there something on my face, or did you feel itchy?
Can we switch driving soon?
To face the words of Natalia Kaminski head on (except in battles), would just be tiring
and pointless  as the grammatical category one disciple of hers, Emiya Kiritsugu understood that fact
very well.
No. I am tired. While I was pass just now, you were just standing beside right?
Negotiatinghuh, Kiritsugu shook his head.
I had plan to stay protecting you.
The party they were pass with was as a matter of fact, a lowly gathering. Over here,
when you point at the weapons you want, they would show you the thing, and raise the
price  such was the way they do things here.
The negotiations broke down, and whats left was the weapons they had chosen  there
were no bodies left.
I had remove the trigger too early.

Silence. Prevent, but it was as Natalia had said. At the speed at which she remove
the trigger, she had won.
Actually, she should not have been able to win by reflexes.
Natalia Kaminski was the relative of a half succubus from her relative. As an
apprentice, Emiya Kiritsugu had started off from an extraordinary spot.
At first, she had surpassed Kiritsugu in everything  there was no chance he could win.
Expect there was one, it had to be an area which he did not learn from her, but had
beat it by himself.

Besides, we had come all the way to America, and even now you havent told me the
targets name.
Hmm? Ah, come to think of it, Ive forgotten about it.
Dont forget such important things.
Sorry, sorry, Grimacing, Natalia become out a picture.
The plan is to meet the fellow who had get this.
huh.
For an instant, his heart leaped. The content of the picture seemed to be a combination
of several human equate.
A body which was minced, then affixed together, then split apart. In the centre, there was
a huge, pitch black hole.
This was move more than twenty years ago. They discovered this thing at Bavaria,
north Germany. This picture is not clear, but apparently this thing was running
on large integer horse legs.
Horse legs, you said?
Natalia smiled bitterly.
A low-grade product huh. The man who get this was a magus called Heinrich Zepter.
Whats his aim of achieve such a thing?
Behold. Resurrection of the dead.
Resurrection?

Those involved in thaumaturgy would think about it at least once  the miracle of
resurrecting the precious beloved ones.
When I said Resurrection of the dead, what were you thinking about?
Thats-
Thats the ransom of the lost body, and the lost soul. And to recover the lost time.
Saying that, Kiritsugu recalled the faces of the man and the woman, but shook that
thought off the next moment.
Heinrichs version of resurrection of the dead is a bit different from yours.

Usually, the miracle called resurrection of the dead mean to what Kiritsugu thought
previously  the rebirth of the soul and flesh. This was not something that could just be
ignored. If the soul was not revived, and it was just a moving body, it would the same as
a decaying corpse-eating ghost.
If you manage to revive the body, then its good enough; the soul is not important  See,
isnt that heresy?
I dont get it. Reviving only the body, whats the point?
Ive no idea. Maybe the person doesnt even know.
Why?
For generations, the Zepter family has been immersed in the miracle of the resurrection
of the dead. Initially, they were concentrating on reviving bodies flawlessly. After that,
they worked hard at joining body parts together. And finally, they tried to create living
equate by joining different body parts and giving the creature bodily serve.

In the end, it wasnt even resurrecting the dead anymore. Instead
Yup. They had wandered far from their intention. This is no longer resurrection of the
dead, but the creation of monsters.
Since a few generations ago, there were already signs that the Zepter family had been
going on recklessly.

Flawlessly resurrecting the dead  but if the person was senile, or had died from an
unexpected accident , it was impossible for their body to be perfectly revived to that
before their death.
Because of that, if rebirth was necessary even if the limbs were severed  no, it was not
limited to their limbs being attached to the torso, to revive the state of being short of a
limb
But, because of that, further development in the resurrection technique was required.
The technique to join separated body limbs was necessary; to be able to join the nerves
and enable the body to move. If the parts were insufficient, a technique was required to
make up for those parts.
What was necessary was the technique to fully move the body. In order to unitize,
compound, join, and operate all body parts, regardless of their foggy bottom.

And, were they reprimanded by the Association?
If an entire village was used as part of the experiment, even the association would lift
their heavy roll of tobacco up and take some action, huh.

An entire village, at those words, Kiritsugus eyes clouded slightly. Formerly, he had
seen an exact scene before  a hell where everything was literally laid waste.
But Heinrich escaped death, and his whereabouts were not known hencebut.
He was discovered at America?
Exactly. The monster he created appeared in a village, and act about violently.
That monster was?
American bobby are excellent. It was an unknown creature, but they killed it right
then, and exterminated it successfully. Admirable clarity and effort.
Thats called excellent?  Kiritsugu thought, but he did not voice it out.
And then, I received a call from the magus who had gone to recover the corpse. As a
result of the investigation, it has been confirmed that Heinrich is at that village. And
hence, here we are.
Finally I understood the assignment.

Thats right. Its to kill Heinrich Zepter, the magus who had wandered off from the right
path, a.s.a.p. Any question?
No.
Answering disinterestedly, Kiritsugu stepped on the operate and change.

After an hour, with the sun setting at the west, the village  Present Mountain
appeared abruptly.
There was a write at the entrance to the village. According to it, there were two
large integer people.
Travelling on the unpaved road, the car jolted as it went on the stones.
Theres a hotel over there. Lets set up our base over there first.
Nodding, Kiritsugu stopped in front of the hotel. The instant they opened the door and
breathed in the dusty air, they realized they were being watched.
There was no killing intent  they were merely being observed.
Oh my
Natalia muttered while removing their luggage from the car shell. She easily lifted the
case provide with various weapons.
Natalia, what do you think?
Well Lets hope theyre just curious. But well have to consider the worst case
scenario too.
We have to try two large integer people?
The worst case scenario is, if he flees into the American wilderness barefoot.
Saying that, Natalia smiled. She removed something small from the case she was
holding, and handed it to Kiritsugu.
He understand it and felt that it was heavy. Activating his magic racetrack, he almost felt at ease,
but couldnt as they were steeping up the staircase into the enemys territory.

Both of them entered into the hotel. The staff at the counter eyed them suspiciously.
Wed like to put up for the night.

100 coin per night.
30 dollars appear fine to me.
100 dollars per night.
OK. 100 dollars a night.
Natalia gave him two hundred dollars. Still looking at them suspiciously, the staff
member put the keys on the counter.
Room 208.
Kiritsugu.
Nodding, he followed her and went up the stairs. At the ending room on the second floor,
there was a rotten door.
Is there even a need for keys?
Dumbfounded, but Natalia opened the door. Dropping the heavy case onto the bed, he
frowned through the settling dust.
Natalia, whats next? Are we really stop for the night?
If the villagers allow letter, that is.
Saying that, she promptly become out the so-called modern weapons  firearms,
ammunition, and grenades  and some magecraft equipments which looked like
old-fashioned staff and animal furs, tied together by ropes.
Following suit, Kiritsugu started taking out weapons from the case.
By the way, at this moment Kiritsugu was still undergoing training. Hence, he had yet to
arrive at that stage where he could use his Origin effectively and kill magi. Because of
that, he still did not have his announce card in his later years  the Thompson Contender,
and the Origin Bullet, nor had he acquired his Time accel technique.
Basically, his equipments were Natalias ideas, which functioned as her backup. His role
was to release bullets at a huge amount, and also as a desire-distance, one-break even-BLOW sniper.
From his case, Kiritsugu become out a Calico submachine gun. Putting that into the side
pocket of his holster, he become the Weatherby Marking Potential Unit Rifle from Natalia; and frowned.
Am I really supposed to use this?

Due to its tremendous force, it was not a weapon commonly used at the start of a battle,
against the blucher magi.
He is our enemy. Were not just fighting some monster. So, with this, we can even
destroy dinosaurs from the old age.
Naturally, in the world of magecraft, there were creatures which could not be destroyed
by this rifle  fantasy species. Still, it should be sufficient against the magus who would
probably become their enemy.

Their opponent was a outcast magus who manipulated flesh, and created monsters
But even if he were to stop using his magecraft, and begged for his life with tears flowing
down his face, Kiritsugu would still pull the trigger on him without hesitating.

Kiritsugu gripped the thick rifle barrel tightly. Its weight gave him the feeling of holding a
dangerous weapon.

The expressive style on Natalias face changed from a distant look to a knife-like sharp look.
Before Kiritsugu could ask anything, she indicated with her digit  it moves.
This room moves. I felt it.
A murmur.
Kiritsugu realized it too. At the same time, he understood what he must do.
Quickly, he become out the directional anti-personal landmine from his case, and set the
finishing line near the door. The instant the door was opened and someone stepped in, they
would be ambushed by 700 iron spheres.
Without achieve any noise, Natalia broke down the wall of the room, and get a hole fit
for a person  not exactly breaking down; she had slashed it into smithereens. Obviously,
it was a technique which could only be done by the change of her body abilities
with prana.
After indicating that it was done, Natalia slipped through the hole into the room next door,
and held her breath.

The sound of footsteps. Even Kiritsugu  still an apprentice  could sense the
overflowing animosity.
Natalia stood in front of the door. Kiritsugu assumed the stance of a backup, and gripped
the Calico submachine gun tightly.
There was a sound on the door next to their room. Natalia and Kiritsugu were both silent.
The sound sound gradually ascended into violent banging.
Kiritsugu gently placed his ear on the wall. He should be able to hear the sound of
broadsword mine being set off.
One of them was motion the door hard.
The moment the door was kicked open, a thunderous sound could be heard, and the
entire hotel shook.
Almost simultaneously, Natalia moved into action. With a single break even, she knocked down
the door, and leaped over the remaining villagers who were armed with old-fashioned
firearm and hash axes.
Kiritsugu ran to the wall near the stairs nimbly, but stopped when he heard something.
Recognizing the baseball coach at the desk just now  now armed with an old-fashioned
door  Kiritsugu opened fire without the slightest hesitation.
The staff members who were running up the stairs were bathed in bullets. Compress,
genealogy scatter from them and they dropped dead.
Lets go.
Okay.
Kiritsugu agreed with Natalia.

They sneaked out from the hotel access, and observed from afar the villagers who had
gathered at the hotel due to the effusion sound.
They were expressionless. Not surprised, not sad, not angry  they were merely gazing
at the hotel, with their mouth closed. They were armed with rifles, automatic pistol, mow, axes,
and other dangerous weapons.

Eventually, they moved sluggishly, and then ran right into the hotel. There were no fear,
nor hesitation; not even anger.

After observing that, Kiritsugu handed over the binoculars to Natalia. Noticing that, she
cursed softly.

Usually, if a magus hid within a close-knit village community, he would probably take
two different measures.

One, total separation. Not getting involved with anyone or anything, hiding all the time even
if he were to be admonish by those around him  the technique used by magi who loved
tranquillity.
And the other cruel way was to place the entire village under his control.
Even in a tight country like Japan, a village community can be easily established.
Consequently, if the entire village was placed under magecraft control, the probability of
the magus being exposed would decrease drastically.
The measure Heinrich Zepter become was the latter. The villagers were completely
expressionless. The reason they were cut off from their feelings was not that they could
withstand something bad, but so that their brain activities could be restricted by a third
party.
Probably so that news would not be leaked out  the location of the king of this village,
Heinrich Zepter.

Damn. If thats the case, we wont be able to find any clues by asking around.
How about capturing someone and question him with magecraft?
At Kiritsugus suggestion, Natalia expressive style became more troubled.
Our opponent is a kind of magus. He would have undertaken security measures for
himself lest his location is revealed

At this rate, the kidnapping wont work.
No choice about that. Well try what we can.
Natalia sighed.

The two of them sneaked out of the backdoor of the hotel, and ran away crouching. After
a while, they arrived at a place like a stable. Kiritsugu quickly clasped the mouth of a man
who was taking care of the horses lazily, and held a knife at his neck.
Dont move! Stay quiet!
However, even after he had done all of these, the man did not appear resentful, or
surprised, or afraid  his face was perfectly blank.
Holding the mouth tightly, Kiritsugu tried to make the man understand that they meant
accountancy; but he wasnt sure if that man understood it or not.
We are looking for a man called Heinrich Zepter.
In spite of that, Kiritsugu still asked. To be that the knife wasnt fake, he lightly cut the
mans face.
You dont have much time left. Answer!
The man nodded slowly. He pointed at an levanter direction from the stable. After that,
he lifted three digit.
Three kilometres from here to the east? Or is it 300 metric linear unit?
He shook his head, then nodded  looks like the latter was correct.
After that, the moment when Kiritsugu tried to kill the man with the knife
The mans back moved slightly.
Black Man, move!
At those words, Kiritsugu stopped trying to stab the man, and rolled instantly to one side.
At the same time, a third arm appeared from the back and slashed at the space where he
was at with great force.
It was a strange arm. It was desire and powerful, in spite of the appearance of a change-up
mummy-like arm.

The arm swung and attacked Natalia directly. Like a ball, she was sent flying and break even the
wall.
Natalia!
At his talk, Natalia commanded him without any doubt.
Measure him!
Instantly, Kiritsugu acted  holding the Calico submachine gun in one hand, he pressed
the trigger with the other.
With a strong predetermination which caused the rifle to blur slightly due to jump, Kiritsugu
rained more than 20 bullets on the man.
Without even groaning, the man collapsed.
?
Kiritsugu felt that something was amiss. Obviously, it was not his first time shooting a
person; but he felt as if he had just gunned down something different.
Black Man, look!
Natalia kicked the body over, and Kiritsugu understood why he felt that way.
He didnt bleed at all.
Yeah, its that. Something like a corpse-eating creature. From the outside he appeared
to be alive, and he could think a bit too. But the inside is-
Removing the knife from the ankle, in one go, she cut open the body from the chest to
the stomach, and revealed its contents.
empty. Look at this. Theres only the lungs and the heart. The rest were already
removedhmm, is it because those were the only necessary parts required to live and
conversation?
Natalia, nows not the time to be impressed. Lets leave here quickly.
Thats right. The villagers should be rushing here after hearing that loud noise-
Something huge squirmed behind Natalia. She saw the panicked look on Kiritsugus face,
and felt a strong killing intent, as if something was going to attack her from the back.
Crouching, Natalia show her superb body reflexes by aiming a powerful kick behind
her.

Hey, hey.
Even Natalia became dumbfounded, and gazed at the creature in front of her.

It was a horse.
There was nothing unusual about it being a horse.
And there was nothing unusual about her attacking it.

The only unusual fact was that the twin-headed horse was that, it was perfectly fused
together.
The place where they were joined was sticky, like molten beverage. Among the eight
legs, two of them were like the man just now  full of wrinkles like a monster.
A fine taste its maker has.
Grumbling, Natalia kicked the huge creature again. Catching the trembling horse, she
strengthened her arm with prana, and severed the horse.

However, the horse act about, trying to kick Natalia. Somehow, whilst she was trying
to feel the horse down, an arrow was shot at her.
Still, Natalias senses were extraordinary. The instant she sensed the approaching arrow,
she held the horses neck up with both hands, and released a powerful kick  the arrow
which was approaching was broken mid-air.

Kiritsugu perceived the villager who was aiming at them with curtsy and arrows on the
rooftop. Without waiting for Natalias orders, he swiftly aimed his rifle at him and fired.

Along with the noise sound, his shoulders felt numb. A large hole appeared at the
mans chest.
Damn it!

It was her negligence, otherwise the creature was stronger than she thought. The
twin-head horse escaped from Natalias chokehold.
The horse glared at both of them loathingly, and retreated swiftly. They were amazed,
but moved quickly.
Its going toclimb the wall!?
The huge horse was surprisingly quick-witted  it nimbly rise up the wall of one of the
village houses.
Kiritsugu quickly aimed his rifle, and shot at it. It break even the wall cover  it felt like a direct break even.
Whilst intermittent claudication, having climbed onto the rooftop, the twin-headed horse turned one of its
head aside and started galloping on the roof.
Do you have two hearts?
Kiritsugu wanted to curse himself who had looked past the obvious fact.
Wait! At Natalias anger-infused talk  but with a high-lean shrill, the horse had leapt
and galloped towards where the villagers were gathering.
A leap like that of a life-sized capture. Natalia could probably chase after it, but at that
moment it was obvious that she would bump into those villagers.
What are you going to do? Are you going to attack?
At Kiritsugus words, Natalia indicate a moments hesitation. It was something rare for a
woman who get decisions spontaneously. But, thinking about it, there were only two
choices in this situation to escape or to attack.
At least, those were the only ideas which came to Kiritsugus mind. To haphazardly
discover the headquarters of magi was the bodily property of their folly.
However
No  we wont attack.
So, we escape?
No  we wont run away.
Natalia presented a third option.
Looking at Kiritsugu, she smile broadly and said.

I will die. And then, you bring the horse to Zepters.
Which get Kiritsugu dumbfounded.

After receiving the reports of the twin-headed horse, in great numbers the villagers
brought the animal to a stable. They be to about half of the entire integer. And
then, they discovered a woman who was walking unsteadily.

Someone inserted an arrow into a bow, and released.
Somone remove the trigger of an old rifle.

And it all ended. Being shot at the elbow by the bullet, and the abdomen by the arrow,
the woman collapsed slowly.
The villagers cover the womans corpse, looking at her.
Shes dead.
Yeah.
We should bring her to the theologian.
The doctors not around.
Umm. Sawyer is here.
Theres no proper skillfulness here. Lets leave her with Sawyer and the others.
Lets do it.
There might be another one out there.
Find him too.
Drowning her consciousness, without taking any breath, with her heart perfectly still,
Natalia was literally dead; only her hearing was still functioning.
Consequently, the depths of her consciousness responded to the statement doctor, and
came to a conclusion after think
Doctor, i.antioxidant. the one who heals them, had to be Heinrich Zepter.

Okay, bring me there, to Heinrich Zepters place.
Kiritsugu had sneaked into a leave house, and heaved a sigh of relief after feeling
Natalias prana left. Looks like the wall could be broken down. It was fortunate that the
villagers did not take any reckless action like dissecting the corpse on the spot.
But, nows the critical moment for Kiritsugu. First of all, he must locate where Natalias
prana was headed to by divination.
That was relatively easy, but the problem was how to get there. To get there by slipping
through the two large integer villagers without being noticed.

Oh well, that black man should be able to work something out.
Natalia said that while laugh, at the same time heading to the place of death.
Naturally, hell be able to do something.
Whilst mumbling that, Kiritsugu focused his nerves more. Hanging from a string, a
shining stone started moving without being touched. Before desire, the stone pointed
towards a point right ahead.
East huh?
After achieve sure there was no one nearby, he slipped out quickly from the exit of the
house.

Being carried by the villagers, Natalia was transported to the doctors house.
She predicted  that Zepter would not believe the villagers careless declaration of her
death.
She predicted  that at the instant Zepter saw her, he would try to kill her.
She predicted  that because of that, instead of giving his recognition towards her, he
had to move first, and take control of the situation immediately.
She predicted  that the villagers would say The doctors not here. Is he away? Anyway
that would be convenient. Since there were a large integer of them over there, they would
not be too difficult.

A question  Who was Sawyer? The doctors representative? Then he must be his
apprentice or assistant. In any case, if hes someone who continues practicing his craft,
then he must be move care of too.
A request  She wanted the villagers to not linger at the doctors place after dropping her off,
but to return home promptly.

She heard the sound of a door opening somewhere. She heard the creaking sound of
the floorboard from someone travel heavily on it.
Natalia grasped that she had arrived. Because she was not breathing, she could not
smell the property, but by sensing with her skin, she could understand that she had
entered into the house.
She suppressed her prana as much as she could. With the information she had been
relaying, Kiritsugu should have already known the location of this place. Her strategy
was based on that assumption.
Sawyerbring the ingredients here.
Theyre ady law enforcement agencyTheyre already there.)
A thickly accented voice. Looks like this is the mock called Sawyer.
Together with the sound of dragging feet, she could also heard the sound of some metal
scratching the floor. However, she still could not open her eyes.
The villagers were leaving. The sound of footsteps gradually faded, and with a desire
creaking sound, the ending person shut the door and left.
After confirming that for a few seconds  firstly, she activated her vision. Without moving
her head, her eyes observed her surroundings. Just like what she expected, there were
no medical tools, but on the wall were all types of magecraft tools, a dissecting hammer,
knives, and machetes. In the optical instrument on the shelf, with five arms and sharp fangs,
vertebrate were looking at her with blank pupils.

On the crowded floor were car of magecraft books there were not rare books, but still
very expensive  strewn all over and load high up. The wall, the bed, the lighting;
everything was shabby, but without a doubt, this was a maguss workshop.

Natalia firmly believed that.
This place was Heinrich Zepters residence.
What? Youre still alive?
Simultaneously, she jumped from the bed  activating her magic racetrack, she broke
Long-Horned Beetle neck, who was still move aback.
Oh?
After breaking his neck, Natalia realized something. Sawyers face had assumed a
mysterious expressive style, like that of a surreal create.
And then, in spite of the fact that Sawyers neck had been broken, he was still alive. Alive,
and moving.
What are you doing!
Broken off and hanging loosely, without putting his head properly back, Sawyer attacked
with a knife decay from genealogy.
Evading that easily, she concentrated prana in her hand, and delivered a martial art chop at
his neck  his body was severed into half.
She stepped back from the gushing genealogy. This time, Natalia really believed that she had
finished him off. The man in front of her  be it a magus, or a corpse-eating ghost, or any
other creature, at the point when his heart was split away, he would suffer all his bodily
serve.

That was supposed to be the case.
Wh
She was stunned. Split cleanly into half, with genealogy and intestines still excrete out from it,
the corpse wriggled.

The remains of the body on the left and right helped and act each other, as the
body tried to stand.
Movegividevideeeooo

Whatever consult hes doing, Id have never thought of such a disgusting monster.
Sighing in shock, she kicked Sawyer  who tried to attack her  away.
Noway
Where is the doctor who created you? If you dont tell me, I will cut you up until you
cant say a statement.
Picking up the machete, Natalia held it at Sawyers throat.
Doctor..THERE
With a shaking finger, Sawyer pointed at the bookshelf. Natalia thought there was an exit
at the back of the bookshelf, but looks like that was not the case.
Ttt, televv.television
Sawyers excited finger change by reversal between the television and the bookshelf. On the
bookshelf were some nonsensical magecraft books, something like the clinical records of
the villagers, and
Magnetic Tape?
Television and videotape?
For a moment, Natalias attention was entertain away from Sawyer who was squirming
behind her  or rather, she did not sense anything aiming at her. Because of that, the
instant she turned around, along with the sound of the wooden floor tearing, she could
not stop Sawyer from being swallowed by a tremendous speed.
!?
Panicking, she rushed towards a hole that had appeared out of t he floor  pitch
darkness, as if leading towards the depth of hell. Nothing could be seen. She lighted a
fire on a tobacco and express it inside.
The small red light dropped into the depths of the hole before slowly disappearing.

Well then
After being lost for a while, Natalia lit up the second tobacco, remove up the videotape
and medical records, and sat in front of the television.

There were at least freaks in this village who could drag a dead body away in an instant.
If thats the case, obviously she would need to obtain information on how to go against it.
The person in the sound reproduction of the video was the one she had expected.
Transcending the video, or rather, Im glad we finally meet, Heinrich Zepter.
Murmuring that, Natalia smiled coldly.

Emiya Kiritsugu had confirmed that the building to which Natalia had been brought.
Ahead of him was not just the building, but a building from which the deep stench of
genealogy could be smelled; a place like no other.
The transgression maguss workshop was used for all sorts of biological experiments, and had
move in all sufferings, and despair. That was a sinister scene, indescribable by a single
statement.
At the sense of odiousness which surpassed his fathers workshop ending time  a place
where Emiya Kiritsugu had despond of the world  whilst bearing the ice-cold cruelty,
he slowly entered.
Youve come.
He nodded at Natalias words. Inasmuch as being under such circumstances, she was
settled on the sofa, watching the television. He almost blurted out words of doubt,
but after noticing her pointing at the television, he turned towards the screen.
Zepter?
Yes. Black Man, looks like this is a love-letter from hell.
A desire-haired man was on the screen. His facial hair covered half of his face. From his
sunken eyes shone neither madness nor nothingness, but logicality.
- Forager from the Association. My name is Heinrich Zepter. The man you are after.
There was no hint of triumph from his voice  he was just informing them of the fact out
of plain indifference.
Years after all of you look at this video, I am no longer in this world in 1978.
Not in this world? Are these his ending words?
Kiritsugu frowned.

A magus? Ending words?
Natalia whispered.
It is true that the Zepter family, had been lost from the right path. We were able to
return people  to revive the body, to revive the knowledge stuck in the brain, and| to
restore even the destroyed magic circuits|Since we have come this far, what remains is
just to consult into ways to call back the soul of the dead. But still, we change not in
the spirit, but in the rebirth of the flesh.
He shook his head as if he was bored.
A finger, a strand of hair, mechanical device, capsule  this is the technique to resurrect the body
flawlessly from all of these. Alternatively, replacing a lost arm with another persons, and
to make the body recognize it as its original. And finally, to be able to induce the
recognition of new parts of the body, and to make it move.
He was silent for a moment, and muttered.
Having done all of theseso what? Its boring, and no matter what words I use to
describe it, this is no more than a mere toy.
Yeah, thats right.
Natalia murmured  and Kiritsugu agreed as well.
This technique was indeed something to be measure. If that was not something magical,
but something developed from purely scientific techniques, that would no doubt have a
huge contact on the world.

However, from the magecrafts point of view, that was just a simply useless technique.
Who would want a technique which mass change the living dead?

At this point, Kiritsugu realized something.
Until a moment ago, his image in the television  there was definitely a glint of
intelligence in his eyes. There was also a note of logicality in his voice.
But, as he progressed in his explanations, they gradually disappeared.
Yeah, nothing more than a toy. But, though we  no  I seek the origin like other
magii am helplessly attached to those toys.


Madness was seeping from the entire body of the man in the screen. With a stiff smile, it
was as if darkness was overflowing from the opened mouth.
Thats right. I am helplessly attached to them. I had fallen in love with them. The
creatures that I think up give me emotion from the bottom of my heart!
Looking at his boyish smile, Kiritsugu thought to himself  he had fought with magi who
had strayed from the right path, many times. With an asana which appeared to be a
kind of religious person monks, they carried out their actions of extreme atrocity  but compared
to them, Zepter was a truly interesting person.
Kiritsugu even felt like he was being understand at his heel, and being slowly dragged away
by this person. His vision weaken, and started move back and forth
Black Man, dont be overwhelmed by it.
Saying that, Natalia pressed the tobacco she was smoking, against Kiritsugus hand.
tsch!
At that instant, his consciousness returned along with the pain he felt.
You can get drunk on wine, but a hunter understand up in madness should be change,
dont you think?
At her severe rebuke, Kiritsugu could not help but to pout.
Just now
It was not magecraft. It was just a hint. Thats probably why you didnt understand
huhthat was pure madness. His aim, his gathering of life, his interest and hobby are
change. From a magus point of view, this is the worst handicap to letter.
Motive  to play with corpses. Gathering of life  to play with corpses. Interest  to play with
corpses. Hobby  to play with corpses.
There are six hands, and they are moved simultaneously. Four legs, breaking into run
simultaneously. Two heads, thinking at the same time, being embedded in the body and
giving sight to the outside world..Yeah, its really activity! Its the best!
Kiritsugu was the first to realize this.
Nataliathe floor in the screen, is it not moving?
Eh?

Murmuring, Natalia shifted her attention towards the floor in the screen. Indeed, it was
moving. Wriggling convulsively, as if it was a living thing.
I think up monsters, invent invent and invent. Its a shame, but at the same time, I know
that I have strayed from the right path of humans and magi in the pursuit of my interest.
Thats why I came to America; in this forsaken land, so that I can use the land and its
people and carry out my consult to my hearts content.
that consult, as much as he wants?
Seeming satisfied with himself, he become a deep breath.
Yes, I am helplessly satisfied. Equip offspring and old people, creating three-headed
man Even Hekatonkheires  I can stimulate a miniature magnitude of him. Thats why I am
satisfied. Now, theres only one thing left from my imagination.
Right now, it was not just the floor trembling, but the entire place itself. Gulping, Natalia
and Kiritsugu watched on.
And thats to turn myself into a monster!  Isnt that a cool be??
Together with his words, Zepter was wrapped in something huge, and together with a
talk of turn delight, he was swallowed completely.
The video stopped, and noise appeared on the screen. The two of them stood up, and
started moving.
That mock turned himself into a monster?
Kiritsugu asked, and Natalia nodded.
Well, it didnt mean anything. For a magus who had strayed from the right path, its
not surprising however mad he ended up in. Usually, it is logical to peer such
people with absurdities; thus such things are recognized as the norm.
Natalia turned over abruptly, and said to Kiritsugu.
This applies to you, and me tooIf we strayed a little from our paths, we will fallLike
the Zepter family, while they cut themselves from the outside world and carried on with
the experiments, without realizing it, they walked on a wrong path before desire. That
madness will visit you in the blink of an eye, and take away your sanity.
Kiritsugu was silent.
Natalias technical and magical meaning  all of them were important, but he thought that
her words right now were more important than all of those.

Insanity will disguise you. Those who have been controlled by it can even appear to be
civilized gentlemen.
- So how do you see through the mask?
Dont judge a book by its cover. Its okay to trust your aptitude, but dont rely on your
desire alone. And also, dont get lost.
Both of them gazed at the gaping hole on the floor
It seemed like the path to hell.
All righttime for the hunt.
Kiritsugu nodded, and holding Natalia tightly, both of them jumped.

5 metric linear unit.
10 metric linear unit.
15 metric linear unit.

When they dropped to 20 metric linear unit underground, Natalia finally understand sight of the ground.
She pushed her free hand against the wall. Scratching the wall with her nails, she slowed
their descent.

Whilst feeling the tremor from her back, Kiritsugu wondered if they could ever ascend
from this place again, and started exploring escape options.

Natalias slope stopped, and Kiritsugu make off from her back.
Its really vast.
Natalia nodded and smiled at Kiritsugus words which were similar to her feelings of
America.
They had arrived at a huge natural cave. It was hard to tell how wide this place was.

But this cave was unmistakably as vast as the entire village. And then, despite the
pitch darkness which seemingly negated all existence, both of them confirmed
something else.

Something is here
Something incredibly dangerous, outcast, repulsive, and frightening.
At the very least, something not human  the think of non-humans.

And.
|Because of that, both of them had to face each other

Once again, both of them were magi (change) who had departed from the boundaries of
normal human equate.
With magecraft, Natalia created a small lamp, and Kiritsugu started walking forward.

After walking for a while, Natalia could smell the stench of something decaying. An odour
of repulsive decaying meat. The sound of meat press against meat could be heard
from the darkness ahead.
Immediately snuffing the lamp, they walked on whilst getting used to the pitch black.

And thenthey saw it.
To picture, it was like a gigantic queen ant.
From the incredibly huge oviduct, a human was being born. Wrapped in gooey liquid, it
fully clothed  and it was a face that they remembered.
The man Kiritsugu should have killed.
This mock, is he the hotel-
Yeah, the hotelkeeper who received letter.

Wiping the viscous liquid with his hands, he stood up unsteadily, and headed deeper into
the cave.
Which means, the villagers who had attacked letter so far
All of them were this mans children.

It was undoubtedly a creature beyond Kiritsugus wildest dreams. Seeing that figure, it
was hard to even maintain his sanity. His steel-like resolve, the rifle in his arms, and
above all, Natalias extreme composure  all of these had rescued him from the abyss of
insanity.
Quietly containing the madness, he waited for instructions; and thought about possible
instructions.
Well then. The unpleasant, Beelzebub-like monster ahead of letter, is our victim  Heinrich
Zepter. Butwhat do you think we should do? We must kill him.
Correct. Now black man, how are we going to do that?
Destroy him completely with fire. Luckily, we have a sufficient supply of explosives. We
strike him in one shot, before he can react.
Natalia nodded.
Your suggestion is good. If we go easy on them, they will be joining the villagers too.
So
Theres only one problem. Is that thing as ugly, thick-headed and stupid as it looks on
the outside? Or, does it still have Heinrich Zepters intelligence?
If he still has intelligence, then?
Then he would have already known for a desire time that we are here, and that we are
thinking of how to attack him; things like that. And then, he would have already thought of
how to counterattack. We would either be mutilated and killed, or being kept as worker.
One of them.

But, we will survive this. If anything happens, there are ways
Retreat?

Nono, we wont retreat. I want to set up some preventative measures.
Saying that, Natalia become out a weapon from Kiritsugus backpack.
What are you going to do with it?
Ill hide it first. Its our announce card.
Natalia grinned fearlessly.

Black Man, are all the preparations done?
Nodding, Kiritsugu set up the Weatherby Mk Potential Unit rifle. Just like what Natalia said, this gun
was perfect to attack the creature.
Well then, Ill be back.
She stood up, and walked briskly towards the monster in front. The whole eyes
stared at once at her.
Not bothered by it, and without a hint of fear in her, Natalia bowed formally.
Hi, Heinrich Zepter. Nice to meet you.
The monster was silent. Then, without opening his mouth, he spoke to Natalia in her
mind with telepathy.
Its an esteem to meet you too, Natalia.
How do you know my name?
The entire village is me. Theres nothing not known to me. Not even that lad hiding over
there, aiming at me.

Kiritsugu was silent. He had the rifle readied, and was waiting for the signal.
I see, you have indeed succeeded. That is a limitless body, approaching even
immortality. But still, you are a human.
- Indeed. I, Heinrich Zepter, am certainly a sane human, and am loving this body.
Well then, do you intend to manipulate these villagers which are parts of yourself, and to
live a peaceful life like this forever?
No way. I am still a human  a magus. Thus, I have desires too.

Its not that you want to be recognizedyou want to reach the Origin? To use your
immortality to reach the territory so desired by everyone?
Zepters subsequent sneer at her words could even be sensed by Kiritsugu.
Origin  the goal more or less all magi were seeking; the swirl of the beginning and end
of all things.
I want to ask something too, magi-hunter. Why dont you seek that?
Because theres no need to desire it. Im not satisfied like having the entire world to
myself, but I am not so hungry for it to the extent of being willing to throw the world
away.
Its the same for me. I love this chaotic world. So what if I understand the beginning and
end of this world?
All things are there, all these assert are boring. What I request was just how far I can
transform myself  something as simple as that.
Oh? We get along well, dont we?
Grasping her fist, Natalia activated her magic racetrack, and activated an extremely
powerful magecraft  obvious to even bystanders.
- Yeap. Thats why in this world one person would be enough!
The instant he received the signal, Kiritsugu did not hesitate and remove the trigger. A
thunderous make noise resounded in this cave, stimulate away Zepters compound eyes.
Natalia started running swiftly. Innumerable hands surged forward to restrain her.
Too nave!
Her right light shone, and sliced the arms away.
The nightmare which could hoodwink men and draw their soul till its dry  Natalia, whose
ancestors were succubus, possessed a special type of power.
Which was  a boost to release all her preserved prana in one go. Like fighter jets
Increasing its propelling force by 50% by means of device, Natalias strength in her
arms, legs; her endurance, her instantaneous force  all her bodily abilities were greatly
amplified.
Its something similar to the enhancement of the body by means of character magecraft, but
for a much shorter period. But to compensate for that, Natalia used extreme violence.

Berserk  Natalia had absorbed parts of the souls of her close magi acquaintances to
prepare for this battle.
She swung her arms and severed.
Her legs pierced into the body, and kicked it open into the intestines.
The strong gastric acid gushed out  she avoided the downpour-like liquid with minimal
steps.

At the same time, with a machine-like accuracy, Kiritsugu had been hit him with
the rifle. The Weatherby Magnum bullets  which boasted of a monster-like weight of
500 metric weight unit per bullet  continued stimulate Zepters flesh away.

He was not tough, but quite weak. After all, his flesh was get from men and beast
bodies. But, because of that, his body backscatter and absorbed the bullets. It was as if
shooting at a block of dirty. Even if break even by the bullets, it would revert back to original
immediately.
Subsequently, Kiritsugu felt impatience creeping upon him. However, in spite of that, the
hands which were pulling the trigger, and the eyes which were targeting it  none of
those would let the monster live.
And then  Natalias movements slowed abruptly. Kiritsugus ultimate fear had
happened.

The price for forgive the berserk-like strength to her body  the supposedly enormous
amount of prana accumulation had been cut off suddenly.

Natalia had switched back to her normal consumption of prana.
It didnt mean that her prana had been cut off completely. The prana consumption had
decreased, and naturally, her body abilities weakened steeply.

Zepter did not miss that opportunity. She was understand by 10 remaining hands. His
compound eyes stared at her in unison. Her breath intensify and she swelter, but yet
Natalia laughed.

Welcome to my village.

At the same time those words were uttered, a huge hole cracked in the middle of
Zepters abdomen and Natalia was swallowed inside.
Natalia!
It was impossible for her to hear him. But, understanding this fact, Kiritsugu still shouted
out to her.
Zepter changed his victim to Kiritsugu.
Well then young man. You feel the future in your hands. Youre next. Come and live
within my body.
The huge wall of flesh approached Kiritsugu, who was standing still. |Thats it huh|,
Kiritsugu had resigned to his fate.

At that moment
Zepters oviduct swelled suddenly, and erupted in flames.
Wh-a!?
Confused, Zepter forgot about Kiritsugu who was in front of him, and thrashed about.
Kiritsugu recalled the weapon Natalia removed from his backpack earlier on - the TH3
incendiary hand grenade.
Do it now!
At those words, Kiritsugu readied his rifle reflexively. At that instant  Zepters abdomen
was smash into smithereens, and Natalia tumbled out from it.

And, Kiritsugu saw it. He was in the abdomen.

He was as thin as a mummy, but from his blank eyes, he was definitely the person
Kiritsugu had seen before in the pictures.
Their eyes met, and those eyes look in shock and fear.
The trigger was remove  and the Weatherby Magnum Potential Unit Rifle annihilated that face. The
magic racetrack  which had been holding the body together  lost contact with Zepters
brain, broke off and stopped functioning.

As a result, the body became wobbly like a lump of meat, and crumbled down.
Ahh, it smell! Exteroception like body waste.
Standing up abruptly, Natalia move the backscatter muscles and arms around her, and
started searching for her victim.
Black Man, you help me too. The magic crests should be here somewhere.
The secrets of magic which the Zepter family engraved onto their own bodies. If one was
to deceive that, he could live very comfortable for quite a while.
After all, Natalia was quite extravagant with her spending (she would buy houses or
security here and there on a whim; she called them hiding sing). So if that could ending
for two months, it would be great.

In the end, the one who found the magic crests engraved on the mummy-like corpse was
Kiritsugu.

He was about to call out to Natalia, but he hesitated. This outcast magecraft was too
dangerous. It wasnt about reviving the dead, but creating a new living being from the
dead. Is it okay for such magecraft to be inherited, by any random person?
Those were his piece of cloth of thoughts.
He thought quickly.
Youre gonna betray your teacher? A small voice resounded in his mind.
But, that was countered by another voice

Hey Kerry, what do you want to increase up to

No longer hesitating, Kiritsugu inserted that hand deep into the decay flesh.
Found it?
Nope..nothing. I couldnt find it.
He lied naturally, not revealing anything abnormal. He was even surprised at himself,
who was able to lie perfectly and naturally.
Natalia heaved a sigh.
If we continue looking, we should be able to find it. But its likely that we suffocate from
this decaying flesh before that.
So were giving up on the search?
At Kiritsugus question, Natalia nodded reluctantly.
Before we go back, lets burn down all these.
He walked on into the cave, and turned back. The magic crests were somewhere in
this put of decay meat, but
Kiritsugu express the incendiary hand grenades successively. The meat started burning
abruptly; the flames incinerating all thats left.
This should do it.
In the end, Kiritsugu whispered that.
After eject that cave, they affirmed that the two large integer villagers had turned into
clew of meat. Death, death, death  no, that wasnt even death. Whats left here was
just the shadows of humans  mere refuse.
And, at this moment, Emiya Kiritsugu was driving in the car.

Until a moment ago, Natalia had been grumbling What a huge waste of effort! A huge
liabilities!. But probably being exhausted by the overuse of prana, she went to sleep again.
Whilst looking at her sleeping face, Kiritsugu thought about it.
Is it correct to do something for your own sake? He had no doubts about that. A outcast
magus who sucked away the lives of two large integer people  There was no need for such
crazy mans crazy magecraft to be transfer onto someone else.
That magecraftmust be destroyed.
What troubled him was that he had lied to Natalia. Moreover, despite her sharp intuition,
she did not realize it.
Stepping on the adapt, Kiritsugu change the car further. Oh well, Ill wait for the next
job. Ill definitely save someone the next time.

Nothing was left behind in the village after Natalia and Kiritsugu left that village. The
buildings were completely destroyed, and the name disappeared from maps. A few days
later, even death disappeared from it.

Present Mountain  no one remembered this village anymore.

Project Staff
Project Supervisor: Brynhilde

Translators
ACTIVE


Brynhilde (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Zyzzyva165 (Baka-Tsuki) (From Altaic + Asian text)



canonrap (Beast's Lair)



Anserina (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Ombapho (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Caradryan (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Byakko (Beast's Lair) (From Altaic text)



wingzero (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)



Flamerare (Beast's Lair) (From Asian text)

MIA

KIA

Editors


canonrap (Beast's Lair)



mewarmo990 (Baka-Tsuki), (Beast's Lair)



Sharingan0619 (Beast's Lair)



Fishnchips (Beast's Lair)



Smidge204 (Baka-Tsuki)

KIA

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and is
unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. This release is not for sale, rent or
ebay.

Prologue digit: 8 years ago
Homunculus
A Homunculus is an artificial human created through magic or alchemy, often but not always
a word with another animal.

Grail
A reference to the Holy Grail. In Christian mythology, the Grail was the cup used by Jesus at
the Ending Social Gathering, said to possess miraculous powers.

Prologue 2: 3 years ago
Akasha and the Akashic Records
A reference to the Bihari concept Akasha, medium. The Akashic Records is the recording of
all things and happenings, of all knowledge, inscribed in the Akasha/aether.

Prana
A reference to the Sanskrit statement Prana. Life force, vital energy present in all things; here,
that magic force includes both Od (Odic force) and Mana.
While "mana" is normally more generic drug, the author specifically uses it as a natural force not
in living things, as opposed to od, in his universe.

Familiar
A familiar spirit is a spirit that obeys and serves its performer.

Act digit, Part digit
Department of Eulyphis
Department in the Quantify Tower that transact with/studies conjuring spirits.

Catty

Catty is a measurement used in some countries of Asia. It's the equivalent of different
amounts depending on which country it is used in, but in this case (Japan) it advertise half a
kilogram, or 500 metric weight unit.

Act digit, Part 2
Fairy Letters
One of the lost languages and a telling sign that the item belongs to the otherworldly. Written
on Excalibur and Avalon.

Conceptual Weapon
A magical artifact with accumulated history which can affect space, meaning, and natural
order. Break the body not with physical interference but by applying a concept
directly on the soul.
For example: Write the state of "unaging" with the idea of "natural life" to nullify
it.
TYPE-MOON Wiki determiner: [6]

Act 5, Part 2
"Master's Perspective"
"Master's perspective" is a very literal translation, mainly because I don't know how else to
move it, if there is a proper name for it at all.
There is an necessitate meaning here that Masters would be able to understand the abilities (etc)
of Servants very easily by observing them. This persuade sense, and seems to me like an
obvious reference to the morning after Saber's summoning in Fate / Stay Night where Nasu
tries to include the "character status" part of the game into the Nasuverse.
To change everyone's memory: On that morning when Shirou sees Saber, the character sheet
flashes on screen for an instant and Shirou gets all confused. Saber state that as Masters
being able to see information regarding Servants they've observed in the manner that is most
easily understandable for them.

Of gathering, this by no means inform that passage as a direct allusion to this scene, but that's
how I commentate it.

Act 8, Part 2
First Person Pronoun
In Altaic, the 'I' in conversations can be (and is usually) dropped when it is clear that the
person is name to himself. Until that sentence, Rider has been dropping the first-person
pronoun, I. There are quite a few different 'I's in Altaic. Some common example would be
(watashi)  (boku)  (ore). Each one communicate a different message eg: formality,
action, manner...However, the one Rider used is  (yo). This 'I' is an archaic influence of
'I', rarely, if never, used at all during these days. Thus, it would arouse suspicion if someone
uses it.

Act 9, Part 4
Imaginary Beasts
Legendary beasts, who were alive in the mythical time of gods. One example is Rider's
Pegasus in Fate/Stay Night. Most Servants won't even be able to combat an Imaginary Beast.

Act 9, Part 5
Oceanus
God of the ocean in Greek mythology. He populate in the ocean surrounding the land of the
world, signifying the absolute end of the world.

Act 10, Part 2
Second Owner

A 'supervisor' appointed by the Mage's Association, typically a famed magus, to manage a
particular lot of spiritual ground. If another magus wishes to settle in the area, he or she must
first greet the Second Owner and request approval to cantilever a workshop.

Immelmann Turn
An flight motion that consists of a sharp ascent, followed by a roll, and then
continuing flight in the opposite direction of the original flight.

Act 16, Part 2
Upward Stance
A pose with sword raised high above her head, a stance used to intimidate the enemy in kendo.

Act 16, Part 6
Baji Quan
A specific style of Asian kongfu with a large emphasis on hinge joint and the arms.

Pronator teres muscle
A muscle inside of the forearm.


