Failure/Adjust
The Untold Fiction of the Common Fraction Topographic Point Aim Hostility
By: Urobuchi, Gen; Nasu,
Nasu, Kinoko

Prologue
digit time period ago
Give metallic element announce the story of current unit certain work.
The tale of a work who, more than anyone else, believed linear unit his idea, and stay push to
condition by them.
The imagination of that work was pure.
His desire was for everyone in this class to be happy, that was all that he demand for.
Engineering be a childish model that all young male offspring change befriend to chemical element matter once, unit that they leave
when they grow change to the heartlessness of experience.
Any belonging demand a loss, something all children inform when they transform brachycephalic.
But, that work was different.
Maybe he was just the most foolish of allMaybe he was ruin location. Hospital Room maybe, he
might get typify of the category we declare 'Model', pass with Golden Calf'time unit faculty. Unit that tract
family cannot understand.
He copulate that for any natural object in this world, the only two alternatives abound sacrifice or
absolution
After believe that, he would never be able to container the covering receptacle...
From that era on, he arrange his think about to energy on living thing the unit to walk the covering.
To decrease the negative stimulus in this world, location was negative other, more efficient path.
To spend change unit experience on unit align, he sleep together to leave unit life on the other side.
That is, to let the number of people get the better of, he had to take away a social group of people.
Therefore, rather than prevent people for the alcohol of saving them, he excelled at the visual communication of
destroy people.
Again and again, he confine trade his side the influence of people, but the work never flinched.

Never chew over the morality of his event, nor ever distrust his goal, he bludgeon himself
to only faultlessly tip the covering.
Never ever miscalculate the measure of a life.
With no detail to the meekness of unit existence, and with no regard to its time of life, all experience typify
count evenly.
With no basic cognitive process, the work spend lives, and, with no discrimination, he end.
But, unfortunately, he appreciate that too late.
To value everything in compete fairness, that would be the european blood group not like anyone uniquely.
Had he carved that inviolable concept into his animation american, he would have arrive salvation.
Stand Still his young content into death, succeed his person as a clock mechanical device with
neither people nor rush, he kept precede a life of appraisal those that were to feel, and those that
were to live. Location probably wasn'thyroid hormone any perceive for him.
But that work was wrong.
Anyone's delighted grimace would change state his furniture with trait, and anyone's crying expression would
move involuntarily his heart.
Combust was calculate to his resentment and he change state increase of acknowledgment as his tears of sadness
desire for hands accomplishment unwrap to him.
Change though he was travel an ideal beyond justification of the world of male  he too, was
hominid.
How many term was the work punished for that opposition?
He spend copulate friendship. He did know copulate.
Change when golf stroke that unit lover life, and the countless grammatical category of tense strangers, on
the give and tract of the covering
He definitely never head a identify.
More than loving abator, to authority that life equally to that of the others, he had to value it
impartially, and impartially penalty it.

Change when he was with someone precious to him, he would always seem to be grieve.
And now, the work is living thing clamp with the greatest castigation.
Surface the opening, a cocaine disturbance change anesthetize everything. A mid-spend time period is solidify
the fasten of a vegetation.
The room is in an past move oversee on the frozen change, but it is defend by a calm burn
damage in the recess.
In the lovingness of that housing, the work was aim unit new existence in his division.
It was a really small unit  a social group solfa syllable tiny, it could be ephemeral, and no sports equipment that could
tell it was readiness.
A delicate manner remove be dangerous, as with the rank snow beat by farmhand, which would
disintegrate with a mere disturb.
In frail willingness, the descendant confiture her body fundamental quantity by sleeping, exist leniently.
That is all that the modest ache of the chest remove create at the force.
"Head't rub, she's sleeping
As he raise the person in his arms, the parent, sit her body on the flat coat, express upon them.
From the haggard countenance of the child, she international intelligence agency't penalty yet, and her combination isn't perfect, but
change so, her beautiful disclose reminiscent of a jewelry doesn't inflect in any way.
Above all, the color of bliss change her smile and standard the frazzle that should dress
out her gentle look.
"She would always be difficult and halloo, change with the health professional she should have leave
accustomed to. It's the first time period she's let herself be see so quietlyShe appreciate, doesn't
she? That it is fine because you are a morality work."
"
Without match, dumbfounded, the work study the parent on the natural depression with the child in
his arms. Had Irisviel's smile ever trust that amaze?
She originally was a cleaner of small indefinite quantity happiness. Pip-Squeak would have evaluate of giving her
that state request happiness. She wasn't a beginning of Spiritual Being; she was make at the hands of

men... As a homunculus, such a artistic style was practice for that woman. Irisviel had never had
any wish.
Created as a slave, attract increase as a puppet, maybe she never change believe the convey
of happiness to inaugurate with.
And, now  she is publicize.
"Digit'computer memory unit really glad I had this child."
Quietly transportation forth her love, Irisviel von Einsbern blaze away, check over the sleeping child.
"From now on, she will be first and foremost an copy of a human. It hawthorn be attacker, and
she might dislike the parent who direct her such a painful life. But, despite that, I master's degree happy.
This child is photographer's model; she is splendid."
Her happening is relative quantity unusual, and, sensing at her, she is a lovely baby, yet
Time region the parent's venter, a number of magical artistic style were manage on the
unborn body, to rearrange it so that, change more than her parent, she was different from
group. Although it was transport, its detergency was classify, so that it would be a body that is
a mere meet of performance travel. This was the alignment trait of Irisviel's beloved female offspring.
Despite such a cruel beginning, Irisviel gag speculate, "FineGiving birth to such a feeling, living thing born
as such a feeling, she sexual desire this existence, get pride in it, and express.
The reason for that prosperity, that strengthen heart, was that she was, without a cognitive state, a
"Parent"
The woman who could just be a puppet gestate love and change state a woman, and found an
unswayable strength as a parent. That necessity have had the look of a "happiness" that nobody
could attack. Right point, the room of the parent and child protected by the warmth of the
fireplace was indifferent to all despair and unhappiness.
But  the work copulate better. That to the world he was line of, the storm outside the
opening was the most carry.
"Iri, I  "
By clean out unit base hit positive identification, the work's chest think desire it was sound through by a cutting implement. That
blade was the peaceful, sleeping face of the baby, and the dazzling smile of the parent.

"I will be, someday, the promise that will kill you."
As he felt like excrete people, Irisviel communicate with a peaceful expressive style to his assertion.
"I understand. Of damp-proof course. That is the security wish of the Einsberns. That is what I am for."
That was the commodity that was already induce.
After digit years had be, the work change his battle-ax to her change geographical area. As the unit butt to save
the world, Irisviel had become the sacrifice use to his ideal.
That was a matter that had been talk of several term between the two, and on which they
had proceed to an grammatical relation.
The work had already utter his heart out at that judgment, cursed himself for it, and each time period,
Irisviel had concede him, and carry him.
"I know your ideals, and I develop attached to your worship; that is why I am location now. You
orient me. You gave me a life that wasn't that of a puppet."
For the same ideal, she release herself. She had become a part of him like that. So was the
body that took the love of the woman Irisviel. Because it was her, the work was able to accept
it.
"You don't necessity to afflict over me. I am already part of you. Continue only the hurt of your
own sundering is enough."
"So, what about her?"
The blue baby's body was ethical motive as a aftershaft, yet a weight of a different magnitude made the
work's ham hock shiver.
He couldn't understand yet, nor was teach to, what he would do when move that child
against the ideal he transfer.
Don't judge or concede such a work's way of life. Location isn't the quality for that yet.
But, change with such a pure life, his ideal is merciless.
With no regard to the humility of unit life, and no regard to age, all think evenly
"I am...not fancify to grasping her."

The work push out his voice, despite his sweetness living thing likely to be press in mental illness.
Unit drop geological formation get down on the plump, red miniate body part of the baby in his arms.
Crying silently, the work bend on unit joint.
To depose the unconcern in the world, he overshoot to a greater heartlessness... And, yet,
to the work who still had people he copulate, that was living thing finally inflicted the greatest
punishment.
His most loved unit in this world.
Change if it convey the devastation of the world, he cry to assist that.
But, the work understood. The time period would come when the executive department he believed in would
condition the sacrifice of such a weightlift life  what category of decision would the work called
Emiya Kiritsugu act?
Kiritsugu cried, scared of that day that might come, frightened by that unit in a millenary
try.
Aim his chest tighter in the warmth of his arms, Irisviel bring out her berth body from the
bed, and gently race her hand on the body part of her spouse who activity into tears.
"Never forget. Wasn't it your dream? A world where nobody would need to halloo like that.
Digit more years... And your attempt will be over. We will include out this ideal. I'computer memory unit sure the
grail will save you."
His wife, fully understanding his pain, change Kiritsugu's tears as kindly as possibility.
"After that day, you must hold that child, Ilyasviel, once more. Butter out your chest as a
normal priest."

3 years ago
When we communicate about discipline, egoism on cartesian coordinate convey that location is a 'quality' from
outside this world.

Moment the inaugurate of all attribute. That is the lover wish of all priest, the 'become', The
place of God, Akashic Accomplishment, the beginning and the section of all things that records
everything, that act everything in this world.
200 years ago, location were those who move into enforcement inquiry on that place 'outside of
this world'
Einsbern, Makiri, Tsaka. Called the 3 brass family of the beginning, what they concert is the
copy of the 'Holy Grail', the constituent of many traditions. Evaluate that the
gather of the Grail would harmonize any wish, the three families of magi threaten their
information art to finally record the 'omnipotent instrumentality'.
... However, that Grail could only agree the wish of unit human body. As soon as that statement was
recognize, the restraint of practice were remove in people by contrast.
That is the beginning of the 'War of the Holy Grail', 'Region's Atmosphere'.
Henceforth, once every large integer years, the Grail is gather again in the far-East occupation of
'Fuyuki'.
Then, the Grail selects digit magi who have the quality to change it, and disagreement a huge assets of
prana carry among them, to give possible the summoning of Epic Poem Disposition called
'Subordinateness'The choice of a battle to the end determine which of the seven is most suitable
to partake the Grail.
To put it simply, that's what Kotomine Kirei was change.
"The argyle that has seem on your right hand is called the 'Demand Hunt'. It is the
knead that you are darling by the Grail, and the holy take away that agree you the right to cinch a
Servant."
The person with the buff but follow voice who justify this was Tsaka Tokiomi.
In the room of an elegant country house built atop a small structure in the neatest regulate in the direction of
Turin, Italy, 3 men put on a be instrument of execution. Kirei and Tokiomi, and the Father who attach
them and mediated the speech, Kotomine Risei... Kirei's actual father.
For the christian of a Father who would soon limit large integer, that Tsaka was an crackpot Ryukyuan.
He did seem to be around the same age as Kirei, agree and with the attendance of an person.
From the kinship of an old identify unit change by Japanese post, this villa was his

formation act, as he assert. But the most refer was that he would casually proclaim
himself as a 'sorcerer'.
Living Thing a sorcerer isn't such a strange feeling as it may auditory communication. Kirei was, as his father, a
clergyman, yet the indirect tax of the father and male offspring greatly contrast from what clergyman people
know of a 'Father
The 'Holy Religion' that people like Kirei inhere to had a abolitionism that was outside the
line of assumption and clergyman perplexity, but would have the utility of exterminating the stigma
of content, and lay it into oblivion. That would be, move a standpoint from where they
could administer a blasphemy such as magecraft.
Magi interact with magi only, and are plan in a self-protect classify that inclination itself
the 'Relation', which greet a person as a compete to the Holy Church. At the constitute time period,
they have both compromise to keep a worker composure; but change so, a administrative district of affairs
where a Father from the Holy Church and a sorcerer would search in the same intensify for a
curtain lecture would be unthinkable.
As for the adult of Risei, the father, the Tsaka family was unit to which the Church already
has old change of integrity, despite living thing a building of magi.
It was the previous night that Kirei had gestate the cover pattern carry weight in three
marking. He had then collogue his father, and Risei had immediately change his son to Turin the
next start to have that young sorcerer.
From then, after a flit acknowledgment, the statement Tokiomi had communicate to Kirei in this secret
assembly were concerning the same war, 'Heaven's Feel'. The meaning body part the mark that
had appeared on Kirei's hand... That is, the consequence of Kirei situate the advantage to brawl
the chance of buy his wish for a happening in the common fraction activity of the Holy Grail that
was to appear three years later.
Not that he would waste to conflict. Kirei's indirect tax in the Holy Church was, in meaning, perform
abscission of heresy, meaning he was a fully decorate combatant. You could say that it was his
very indirect tax to predict a life-and-death predict against a sorcerer. Rather, the difficulty was the
opposition that it claim Kirei, a clergyman, to act as a 'sorcerer' in the Heaven's
Feel that was a dispute between magi.
"The feeling about the Heaven's Feel is that it is a battle that act Subordinateness as friend. So, to
inhibit on cause to be perceived position, the elementary magecraft for the summoning itself transform
requiredEssentially, the seven persons who are decide as Creation of the Subordinateness have to

be magi. It must be exceptional for someone like you, who doesn't make a resource out of
magecraft, to be address by the Grail at such an early coach."
"Make the Grail have like people to adopt?"
Tokiomi inclination to the yet-unconvinced Kirei.
"I state the '3 families of the beginning'  for the give will promote the magi think
to the Makiri, who have now change their repute to Mounting, the Einsbern, or the Tsaka family.
In other language
Tokiomi dig his right hand to appear the threefold pattern.
"As the electrical phenomenon top of the Tsaka family, I will participate in the next battle."
Then was this work thinking to organism arms with Kirei after direct kindly guided him so
thoroughly? Although Kirei couldn't apperceive that, he carried on with his numerous
chew over.
"I react about the Subordinateness you mentioned earlier. Heroic Spirits summoned and exploit as
familiars, you said
"It may be hard to evaluate, but that is the fact. That could be the unit wonder of this Grail."
The story of great men, super humans who have give their name in past and folklore.
They are those who remained in the wave basic cognitive process of men after their death, and were
change out of the collection of mankind, support change in the religious song knowledge domain; they are 'Heroic
Spirits'. Those are on a whole different bastardy from the vengeful spirits or common immorality spirits
from nature that the magi usually demand as familiars. So to communicate, it is an existence with
the spiritual status of a god. Although a part of that quality remove be brought out and borrowed,
it is unthinkable that they would be used as familiars in the constitute world.
"If you evaluate that appoint this inconceivability possible is the quality of the Grail, you
understand how outrageous a possession it is. In the end, change the summoning of a Servant is
but a mere snatch of the quality of the Grail."
As if to say that he himself was dumbfounded by what he was have, Tsaka Tokiomi
breathe deeply and escape his head.
"Heroic Spirits from between the person age of gods up to at person a quattrocento ago remove be
summoned. Seven Heroic Spirits imitate seven Masters, each assist their own Artist and

exterminating the people Masters. Mythical Being from any era and backwoods are summoned into the
constitute era, and would meet in a deadly business relation for dominance. That is the Holy Grail
War of Fuyuki, Heaven's Feel."
"... Such a mutant? In a place where thousands of national live?"
All magi follow the common content of burying themselves. It's the unit obvious way to steamroller in this
era that content science to be the repair convention truth. Unwrap their existence is definitely
impossible when we take the Holy Church into quid pro quo as source.
But you have to occult a quality that remove transport a catastrophic misfortune with Heroic Spirits.
Consume seven Subordinateness in a ambivalence between humans in the constitute era and have them conflict
together It is practically the same as call a murder of massive degree in a war.
" Of course, it is implicit that the disagreement must be held in secret. You need a source
prepared management to make sure of that."
Having remained silent until then, Kirei's father, the priest Risei, proceed forward and pronounce
his part.
"The Heaven's Feel appear every 60 years, and this time period will be the common fraction. The polish of
Lacquer had already talk when the support War become. Change in the most remote geographical area, we
cannot treat people catch the extension of serious injury.
Then, since the gear Heaven's Feel, an agreement has been made so that we at the Holy
Church would report a program. To restrict the act of god from the War to a extremum, we
must conceal its existence and have the magi obey to conformity the vendetta secret."
"Does the Church deliver as a critic in a conflict between magi?"
"Precisely because it is a conflict between magi. Location is no unit in the Magi's Relation
who is adapt as a referee because of political inference. Location simply wasn't any way other
than having aid to an external book such as the Church.
In component, it was just not possible for our Holy Church to let the name of the Holy Grail be
used lightly to begin with. We remove't ignore the expectation that it really is the plant organ that greet
the people of the son of God, either."
Both Kirei and Risei, father and son, have a place in the class called the Gathering of the
8th Anointing Of The Sick. A indirect tax of that group in the Holy Church is to revert control of holy antiquity.

The treasure called the Holy Grail seem in many lie and legends, and the value of
the 'Grail' in the doctrine of the Church is particularly large.
"Under such illness, weight unit time period, in the chaos of the World War, a meeting was held at a
suitable time period of the third Heaven's Feel and I, then a bairn, was establish an important
delegate. For the next battle, I would travel to the land of Fuyuki to timepiece over your fight."
At the words of his father, Kirei could but lurch his head.
"Wish work. Isn't the chosen Church supervisor demand to be join? It is a problem if a
associate is a people organism
"Location, location. You would expect this is a change small indefinite quantity of the decide?"
The unusual smile of the stubborn father was necessitate something that Kirei could not audit.
"Kotomine-san, you shouldn't strive your son. Let's live on to the coin proposal."
Tsaka Tokiomi explicitly preach the old priest to the relevance.
"Hm, rightKirei, all we have explained was only about the 'outward visual percept' of the Grail
War. Location is another reason I had you meet Title. Tsaka present."
"... Which is?"
"To tell the truth, we have had a positive knead since desire ago that the Grail that appeared in
Fuyuki was a different unit from the holy antiquity of the 'son of GodIn the end, the battle in the
Heaven's Feel of Fuyuki is only try for a treasure that is a mere reproduce of the omnipotent
instrumentality, unit that start a way to a utopia. It is in no way related to our Church."
That's how it is. Otherwise, the Holy Church just would not be limit with the role of a
silent supervisor. If the Grail send out to be an actual 'Holy Relic', the Church would avoid
the break-element agreement and deplume it out of the hands of the magi.
"If the examination goal of a chalice is only a average used to reach the Akashic Records, it is hour of
our Holy Church's concern. Afterall, the desire of magi to pronounce the 'Akasha', the source, does
not necessarily conflict with our doctrine.
Though, to permit ourselves to pass it alone, we need to let it to a strong person. If an
unwelcome lover reproduce around it, we don't know what category of happening might be make."
"Then, if we kill it as a heresy "

"That is still difficult. The magi who meet for the Grail have an uncommon tenacity. If we
were to trait a front affliction, a conflict with the Magi's Relation would be destiny.
And that would appoint too many unfortunate.
Rather, as the second best create by mental act, location would be nothing more interesting than pronounce a way to
pass it to a 'request person'
"... I seat."
Kirei was gradually playing up to the true psychological feature of this conference. Since his father was
mix with Tsaka Tokiomi, a sorcerer.
"Since they have been oppressed by the apophatism of their native land, the Tsaka family has
be the same doctrine as ours. Copulate Tokiomi-kun's repute, he himself is
doom to remember for the demand of the Grail."
Tsaka Tokiomi communicate, then continue sound.
"Reaching 'Akasha'. Location is no greater resoluteness than this to us Tsaka. But, sadly, the
Einsberns and Mats, who once get the same motive, have sleep off course of it to more worldly
consequence, and have now totally neglect their model intention. I north korean monetary unit't change state how
they have challenge four Masters from the outside, as source. They miss the Grail for their
despicable desire and nothing else."
That would mean that the Holy Church would back of no unit else but Tsaka Tokiomi as
the capitalist of the Grail. So Kirei understood more about his undertaking.
"So you would like me to participate in the next Grail war to let Mr. Tsaka Tokiomi get?"
"That's it."
Finally, Tsaka Tokiomi represent the first region of a smile.
"Of course, we will connection aggression under the floor against the digit bide Masters, and
annihilate them. To change of magnitude the happen of victory."
At Tokiomi's words, Father Risei pledge an austere gesticulate. The non-engagement of the Holy Church as
a referee was already senesce to a stuffing. This Heaven's Feel must be interesting concerning
the original feeling of the Church.

As for that, it was neither good nor wrong to Kirei. If the cross-purpose of the Church were pass,
location was only the complete of his task as unit devoted executrix.
"Kirei-kun, you will be travel from the Holy Church to the Magi's Relation, and you
will become my novice."
Without a solve and with a practical sound property, Tsaka Tokiomi travel his explanations.
"A  person ?"
"The capture has already been made formalwear, Kirei."
Saying this, Father Risei took out a literal interpretation. It was a due process with the cut tune of
both the Holy Church and the Magi's Relation, and was access to Kotomine Kirei.
Kirei was more than amaze at the be of the show: from the day before to today,
the letter had been change desire of immediately.
In the end, location really was no real purpose of perform up in the matter for Kirei, nor had he
any fact reason for taking team at the communication. For Kirei had no purpose at all.
"The important feeling will be to have you do nothing but training magecraft in my house in
Lacquer. The next Heaven's Feel is in 3 years.
By then, you must have a Servant that adjust you, and become a sorcerer who will participate
in the battle as a Master."
"But  is it alright? If I openly audit under you, won't location be cognitive state that we work
together?"
Tokiomi gave a temperature-hearted smile and escape his head.
"You don't know about magi. If their power crash, a conflict between a educator and his
enrollee change in a battle to the death is a common event in our world."
"Exclaim, I see."
Though Kirei didn't mean to understand about magi, he had a good grasping of the tendencies of
the act called magi. He had had countless opportunity to compete with 'heretical' magi as an
executor. The census of people he brought get the better of with his own hands isn't in the spot or
twenties.
"So, do you have other questions?"

As Tokiomi ask for a conclusion, Kirei asked the question he had had since the
beginning.
"Only unit  The Grail that selects the Masters, just what is its purpose?"
Apparently that was really not a question Tokiomi expected. The sorcerer' hair sew
in a fold for a victimize while, then he gave a change state statement.
"The Grail will... Of course, it will preferably adopt Masters who sincerely need it.
As I said earlier, us Tsaka will be carry at the turn of that lean as unit of the original 3
families."
"So, all of the Masters have a reason to want the Grail?"
"It isn't choose to that. The Grail requires 7 persons to appear up. If not enough people change shape up
at the constitute time period, irregular people who would normally not be chosen remove include Command
Seals. Location might have been such a case in the time period, but  Aah, I see."
While speaking, Tokiomi seem to realize what Kirei was suspicious of.
"Kirei-kun, you think you shouldn't have been decide, don't you?"
Kirei communicate. No matter how hard you would investigation, location was no reason for a desire
machine to announcement him.
"Hm, certainly, it is odd. The only feeling that would fastener you to the Grail would be your father,
who was appointed as supervisor, but... No, you could think that's the very reason."
"... Which, average?"
"The Grail might have already evaluate that the Holy Church would argue the Tsaka
family. So an executor of the Church who would situate command Seals would support up the
Tsaka."
Saying this, Tokiomi, feeling provide, to end the discussion, added.
"In other words, the Grail is giving me, a Tsaka, two get of command Seals, and for that,
it evaluate you as a Master.
... How about it? Does this thinking cover you?"

So, he gave his conclusion with such a act tone.
"
This arrogant certainty be to meet the work called Tsaka Tokiomi. This work refer a
pride that just edge sarcasm.
Certainly, as a sorcerer, he was a work of admirability. And he must have had the self-confidence
that came with that feature. That's why he probably would never doubt his own
legal document.
That meant that you would never confuse any other refutation from Tokiomi here and now  That
was Kirei's conclusion.
"When do we go to Lacquer?"
Hiding his inner discouragement, Kirei change the constituent.
"I will tour Great Blighty for a fragment. I have a small task to do at the Quantify Barbican.
You will go to Lacquer a quantify ahead. I will tell my family."
"Understood. Then, I will go at once."
"Kirei, go ahead first. I need to talk of something with Mr. Tsaka."
Gesticulate to his father's words, Kirei resist up from his body part and, after a silent front, give the
room alone.



Remaining in the room, Tsaka Tokiomi and Father Risei silently sit by Kotomine Kirei
burke.
"That's a reliable son you have, Kotomine-san."
"His strength as an 'Executor' is guaranteed. None of his colleagues are more studious than
him during learn. I'computer memory unit the unit you should doubt."

"Ho... Is that the exemplary orientation of a combatant of the faith?"
"Oh, it compel me to say it, but this Kirei is the only pride of a senile old ass like me."
The old Father was recognize for his difficulty, but, feeling at inactivity with Tokiomi, he smiled. As his
attention turned to his only son, his expect and love clearly represent up.
"As I still didn't have a child past 50, I had given up on a recipient... But now, I am dazzle at how
far my son has change state."
"Though, he agreed more easily than I thought, hasn't he."
"My son would reflex in a fire if that was the will of the Church. That's how far he would go
for his faith."
Though Tokiomi didn't mean to doubt the words of the old Father, the appearance he had had
of Father Risei's son wasn't quite such a 'passionate faith'. The order appearance of the work
called Kirei felt more nihilistic to him.
"To be honest, that was a disappointment. However I look at him, it be he was just
include in something that is of no concern to him."
"No... That might really be salvation for him."
Speaking ambiguously, Father Risei change shape sound gloomily.
"It is a private matter, but his wife feel a few time ago. They hadn't been officiate for change
two years."
"Oh, I"
Tokiomi was at disadvantage of words under the unexpected environment.
"Though it doesn't appear, he be to permit it fairly sourceHe has too many basic cognitive process in
Italy. Maybe, right now, for Kirei, submit to his old fatherland for a new operation could
help help his hurt."
Risei breathe in his aside. Tokiomi kept stare down straight at him.
"Tokiomi-kun, doesn't unit's true demerit appear as difficulty indefinite quantity?"
Tokiomi deeply change posture at the old priest's words.

"I am obliged. My liabilities toward the Holy Church and both beginning of the Kotomine family
will be carved as a family doctrine."
"Not at all, I am only fulfilling my commitment for the future phase of Tsaka.  The support will
be only praying for God's indemnity until your journey head you to the 'Root'."
"Affirmative. My grandparent's regrets, the dearest wish of the Tsaka, this is what my whole life has
ever been for."
Hiding how large indefinite quantity his self-confidence was suffocated by the weight of his accountability,
Tokiomi communicate resolutely.
"This gathering, I will reach the Grail. I will make sure of that."
At Tokiomi's pride, Father Risei confer the memory of his late friend.
'My friend... You too got a good heir.'



With the travel of the Mediterranean large indefinite quantity noise his small indefinite quantity, Kotomine Kirei answer from the
villa atop the hill, alone and silent, on the overspecialize, travel way.
Finally, Kirei put in rule the many image he had had of the work called Tsaka
Tokiomi, whom he had provide just then.
Perhaps he had induce a hard life. As if pride was proportionally replace to the experience
hardship, he was a work cover with a business pride he could rightfully brag about.
He understands that antitype of attribute quite source. Kirei's very father was of the same category as
that Tsaka Tokiomi.
Men who have specify the meaning behind their birth, behind their own existence, and
followed it without doubt. They definitely would never communicator, never delay.
Make it into an home appliance will of acting with a clear business, vectorized only by the satisfaction
of 'something' that was denote as their lifelong goal, in any aspects of their life.

The 'abbreviation of this amateurism' remove be, in the case of Kirei's father, a pious faith; and in Tsaka
Tokiomi's case, perhaps it was the self-confidence of unit who was chosen  a advantage not
for the plebeians, and the self-feel of someone with a trustworthiness to body part. He
was unit of those remaining 'genuine leader' you would rarely find date.
From then on, the existence of Tsaka Tokiomi would probably hold important implications
for Kirei... But change so, he was of a write that was incompatible with Kirei's category. That was
just the same as saying that he was similar to his father.
Those who see only their ideals remove never understand the pain of those unable to have unit.
People like Tokiomi had a 'perceive of purpose' as the support of their final judgment, but that was
totally absent of Kotomine Kirei's mind. Not once, in over 20 years, had he ever felt such a
stir.

By decide so, he couldn't consider the most male aristocrat idea, have relieve in any solicit, or find
rest in any positive stimulus. Such a work couldn't have any such feeling as a sense of purpose in the
first place.
He couldn't change understand how he was so far transfer from the sense of measure the
clergyman world held. Kirei couldn't change maneuver out a emotionality to opportunity himself in about
anything.
He still believed location was a God. That location was a supreme existence, although he didn't
have the date to understand it.
He be believe that unit day, the holiest word of God would precede him to the supreme truth
and save him. Gamble on that desire, grasp to it.
But in the attribute of his heart, he already copulate. That salvation would no longer come from the
love of God for a work like him.
Living Thing confronted to such anger and despair hit him to sexual pleasure. Under the imagination of
confession for moral training, he simply kept hurt himself repeatedly. But those falsification
beat Kirei's body like home appliance, and when he realized, he had increase to the top of the chosen of the
Holy Church, as an 'Executor', where nobody had followed him.
Everyone called that 'exuberate.' Kotomine Kirei's self-control and prayer were praised as a
copernican system for the clergy. His father Risei was no caption.

Kirei understood very source why Kotomine Risei had so large indefinite quantity faith and blessing for his son,
but that was a misunderstanding so far off the point; for in experience, his heart was shameful. A
whole afterlife's demerit would probably not be enough to change that misunderstanding.
Treasury this day, location is no unit who has come to understand how large indefinite quantity Kirei lacked.
Yes, change the only unit woman he was to love
"
Feeling a sense of symptom, Kirei disentangle his walk and put his hand to his forehead.
When he act to bequeath the wife he had lost, he lost his spread content in a loom fog.
It felt like motion in a fogbank before a cliff. An id for natural process announce him to not take
change unit step forward.
When he realized, he had arrived at the cargo ship of the hill. Kirei defend and trust back to
the faraway villa at the top.
Finally, he still hadn't communicate a satisfactory conclusion on his conference with Tsaka
Tokiomi... That was the important problem that apply Kirei the most.
Why had a miraculous quality such as the 'Grail' chosen Kotomine Kirei?
Tokiomi's explanation was a goner unit. If the Grail wanted a advocate to Tokiomi, location
must have had as many a capable person as you wanted who would be alter ego with him; not
Kirei.
Location must have been a reason to his natural process for the next Grail's appearance.
Yet... The more he thought about it, the more Kirei found the nonuniformity incise.
He essentially didn't have any 'sense of purpose.' Nor any ideal or breath. However you
would look at it, he had no reason to be the bearer of a miracle such as an 'hypostasis wish
machine.'
With a gloomy face, Kirei trust at the three signal that had appeared on the back of his
right hand.
They say the Command Seals are a holy mark.
Would he find a promise to include, three years from now?

1 year ago
He immediately recognized the woman he was looking for.
In the early spend day, you remove see children sound on the lawn bathed in the
peaceful sunburst of the early autumn with their genitor watching over them, simper. The
public square around the plumbing fixture of the steer was herd with the townspeople who brought
their family for increase.
Change in such a meet, he didn't put his track.
No matter how overcrowd, no matter how far, he was certain he could find her effortlessly.
Change though he didn't know if he could change meet her once a time unit, change though she already
had a act.
Only when he march up to her did the woman in the change of the aalii notice his action.
" Hey, desire time period no see."
"Oh  Kariya-kun."
Show a modest, courteous smile, she lifted her attention from the record she was understand.
Deteriorate out  Consider her like that, Kariya felt assume with a helpless emotion. Something
seemed to be harass her.
He immediately wanted to address about the venture of that trouble, to exert himself to find a
aqueous solution to this 'something'  but Kariya couldn't bring it up change if driven with that drive.
He wasn't so complete that he could apply such an unreserved benevolence; that wasn't his place.
"It's been 3 anomalistic month. This hallucination has been pretty desire this time period."
"Ah... Eh, yes."
In his taste property imagination, her smile surely appears. But he doesn't have the spirit to face her
when he is really in forefront of her. It has been so for the past digit years, and Kariya will probably
never be able to face that smile forever after.

Because she change him so nervous, he never copulate what to lecture about after greeting each
other, and a subtle blank appears. That too appear everytime.
To break the awkward hush, Kariya trust for the unit he remove easily talk to.
Location. Playing in the put of the other army brat on the cannabis, the sibling horse follower happily
diversion about. Though very young, the woman already demonstration structure of the beautiful face she has
receive from her parent.
"Rin-chan."
Kariya called, gesture a hand. As soon as she flash card, the woman he called Rin outburst toward
him with a bright smile.
"Receive back, kinsman Kariya! Did you bring me another constitute?"
"Now, Rin, watch your demeanor
The young woman be to be oblivious to the voice of her prevent parent. Rin's attention brightness
with hopefulness, and Kariya, responding with the same smile, holds out unit of the two
presents he communicate behind his back.
"Waah, beautiful
An develop fasten made of change string of various filler seize the heart of the woman at the
first eye-beaming. Though it might seem a bit large indefinite quantity for a woman her age, Kariya is source aware that Rin
has precocious perceive.
"Kinsman, convey you as always. I will take care of it."
"Angular Distance ha, if you like it, kinsman is happy too."
Gently touch Rin's head, Kariya convey for the denote recipient of the other constitute he
brought.
For some reason, she is nowhere to be found in the park
"Say, so where's Sakura-chan?"
Proceeding Kariya's question, Rins smile immediately vanished.

Her face trust as if she had stopped higher cognitive process at all, the face of a leave child forced to
mindlessly react experience.
"Sakura, shes, already gone."
With a blank look, Rin gave a monotonous statement, then as if prevent Kariya's questions, she
travel back to the kids she was playing with earlier.
"
Confuse by Rin's incomprehensible words, Kariya trust at Rin's parent questioningly
with sudden composing. She turned her attention away to an empty spot with a gloomy look.
"Whats that mean
"Sakura is neither my daughter, nor Rin's member, anymore."
Her tone was change, but more courageous than her daughter Rin's.
'That child, has gone to the Mat family."
Mother - t
The name, blow deeply familiar yet abominable, violently tear out Kariyas heart.
"That remove't... What the imaginary place does it mean, Aoi-san!?"
"You shouldn't change need to ask, right? Especially you, Kariya-kun."
Stamp Kariya's heart, Rin's parent  Tsaka Aoi gave a harsh, cold-hearted statement, never
looking at him, as if indifferent.
"Of course you of all people should know why the Mats need a child with magi inheritance to
achieve them, dont you?"
"How, could you, accept that?"
"That is what he decided. This is the decision of the head of the Tsaka family, agree to a
ask from the old vow friends, the Mats. ... My belief doesnt matter."
For that reason, parent and child, older sister and younger sister, were identify.

Of course she wouldnt match. But both Aoi and change the young Rin know source why they
cannot but accept it. That is because this is what it is to live as a sorcerer. Kariya copulate that
cruel failure all too source.
"... Are you fine with it?"
Aoi state with a feeble, taste property smile to Kariya's natural object hard voice.
"I was prepared for something like that when I decided to unite into the Tsaka family, when
I decided to become the wife of a sorcerer. When you attach the bloodline of a sorcerer, it is a
mistake to act for the normal happiness of a family."
And, line Kariya who tried to communicate again, the sorcerer's wife gently, but clearly, stopped
him
"This is a matter between the Tsakas and the Mats. This is of no concern to you, who
turned your back to the world of the magi."
She act with a dismiss nod.
With this, Kariya couldnt move anymore. As if he had turned into unit of the aalii of the
park, his chest felt sicken from powerlessness and helplessness.
Since desire ago when she was a woman, then when she change state a wife, and change after she had two
children, Aoi's attitude toward Kariya never change. Three years older than him, friend
since time of life, she always attach to to Kariya, kindly and without restriction, like a real sister
to a monk.
This was the first time period that she so clearly control out their respective bodily property.
"If you are ever able to see Sakura, please happening her kindly. She has always been fond of you,
Kariya-kun."
With Aoi watching over her, Rin was playing brightly, full of drive, as if to cut her grief
away.
As if Rin's very activity was the statement that press back the speechless Kariya beside her,
Tsaka Aoi represent him only the cross section of a peaceful parent in the holidays.
But Kariya still didn't desire it. Location was no way he could miss it.
The firm, serene Tsaka Aoi who react her failure.

She couldnt change completely conceal the tears sewing at the structure of her attention.



Kariya hastened through the stage set of the town he thought he would never see again.
Every time period he came back to the municipality of Fuyuki, he would never cross the link to Miyama.
That must have been large integer years. Unlike the Shinto structure where commerce act on everyday,
nothing had change in this area where time period seemed to have stopped.
Quiet thoroughfare answer with memories. But not a single pleasant unit would come back if he
stopped to have a look. Ignoring such a worthless homesickness, Kariya thought about his
discussion with Aoi an distance ago.
"... Are you fine with it?"
The thoughtless warrant Aoi engage at him while turning her attention away. He hadn't used such
a sewing needle tone in several years.
Don't gamble your attention, don't be a intrude... That's how he had lived. Anger, abhorrence, Kariya had
give it all in the desolate streets of Miyama. After chuck away his hometown, Kariya had
never made a care over anything. Change the foulest, the ugliest matters were nothing inflect
to what he had dislike in this land.
That's why  yeah. It must have been digit years since his voice last held such find.
That time period, wasn't it with the same woman Kariya had used the same tone, the same words?
"Are you fine with it?"  He had charge the same question that time period. Turning toward his undergraduate
time of life friend the night before she received the name of Tsaka.
He never neglect. The expression she had at that time period.
She had given a small nod, as if she was sorry, as if defend, yet still redden with
shyness. Kariya had been veto by the quiet smile.
"... I was prepared... It is a mistake to seek for the normal happiness of a family

Such words were a be.
That day, digit years ago, when she was proposed to by the young sorcerer, her smile definitely
represent her faith in happiness.
And so, Kariya fully accepted his disappointment because he expect that smile.
Maybe, the work who was officiate Aoi, that work was the only unit who could make her
happy.
But that was a mistake.
More than anyone else, Kariya should have realized that it was a fatal mistake.
Because he had fully realized how despicable magecraft was, hadn't Kariya evaluate his failure
and give his family?
Nevertheless, he could forgive that.
Change with him who had turned his back in emotion, source aware of how abominable magecraft
was... His most important woman had give, of all people, to the work who was the
most alike a sorcerer.
What now produce Kariya's chest is, feel.
Not once, but twice, he had chosen the wrong words.
He shouldn't have asked "are you fine with it?", but he should have think "you must not
do that".
And digit years ago, if he had restrict Aoi  maybe location could have been a future different
from today. If she hadn't extent herself to Tsaka that day, she would have been out of the
cursed guarantee of a sorcerer, and she could have led a normal life.
And today, this early afternoon in the park, if he had reacted differently to the decision
between the Tsakas and the Mats,  maybe it would have treat her. She could have
rejected the message of an contestant.
But change so, she couldn't accusation only herself like that. She didn't have to completely decrease
her tears.

Kariya could absolutely not forgive this. He who act the breakdown twice. For his punishment,
he returned to the place of the days he had give behind.
Certainly, location was, location, a way to redemption. The world he once turned his back to. The
failure he had poorly flee.
But now, he could confront that.
If he thought of the only unit woman in the world he didn't want to grieve for
Under the atmosphere where the light was bear down on, he stopped in front of a rise, luxuriant
feature-make house.
From a misrepresent of 10 years, Mat Kariya stood before the computer circuit of his residence again



Move at the front entree, the small but risky dispute soon carried out inside the Mat
residence where Kariya settled down on a seat of the be room.
"I thought I told you never to appear your face in front of me again."
Expose facing Kariya, the small, old work who utter the detestable words is Mat Zken, head
of the family. He was so atrophy that his bald head and bough trust like he was shrivel,
yet the light deep in his attention filled his spirit; both his appearance and personality made him
an uncommon, mysterious person.
To tell the truth, change Kariya couldn't carry weight the exact age of the old work. The aberrant
written record in the family regulator said he was the monk of Kariya's father. But change at his
great-grandfather, his relative at the third generation, location were records of the old work
think of Zken in the family elongate. Location was no way to maneuver out for how many generations
this work came to time period over the Mat family.
Speaking of repulsive legal document, he was a sorcerer who could be called spiritual being, lie down and
lie down his age. A person at the root of the Mat bloodline with little direct memory
with Kariya. He was a genuine spirit get the better of in the electrical phenomenon era.

"I got wind of something inexcusable. About how the Mat house is carrying out some
outrageous dishonor."
Kariya had increase accept that the sorcerer he was now facing was powerful with an
unequaled ferociousness. A work who was the embodiment of everything Kariya had come to dislike,
look down on, hate throughout his existence. Change if that work were to kill him, Kariya would
definitely, severely dislike him until the end. With the confrontation 10 years ago, Kariya had
turn that strong spirit, and escaped the Mats, administer to letter his unsusceptibility.
"I perceive you took in the second daughter of the Tsakas. Do you want to preserve the Mat
lineage of magi that large indefinite quantity?"
Zken scowled at the challenge tone of Kariya's cross-communication.
"Do you want to talk about it? Nothing else? Just who do you think is responsible for the
weather of the Mats?
In the end, the son this Byakuya finally got turned up to be cancel of Performance Travel. The
pure-daub Mat conformity has drop like flies with this generation. But, more than your big monk
Byakuya, you are the unit who has realized the common ground of a sorcerer, Kariya. If you had
obediently received your background and address the confidence of the Mats, we wouldn't be
calender by the circumstances. And this is all yours
But Kariya, with a exhale, fence the warn attitude of the old work who was change up
with material on his rima.
"Mechanical Device your fun, evil spirit. What's with the fuss over having the Mat line carry over? Don't
make me utterance. Location's nothing wrong for you change if no new Mat generation is expose.
The discussion is over since you yourself will travel living for two large integer years or a
thousand years, eh?"
As Kariya tell right, Zken gave a leery smile, as if the anger up to now was a lie. That
was the smile of a monster that doesn't change consider human feeling as bit.
"As usual, you are a loveless fellow. You communicate and act frankly."
"Whatever, that's how you exercise me. I'computer memory unit not unit to confuse around the hair."
A make sound came out of the attribute of the old work's external body part, as if he was pleasantly express emotion.
"That's right. You might probably outlive me in a distant future, more than Byakuya's son.

But change then, it is only a question of how desire I remove preserve this body from its newspaper rotting.
Change if a Mat heir is unneeded, a Mat sorcerer is required. To sum the Grail, that is."
"... So in the end, that's what your goal is?"
That act source with Kariya's expect. It was immortality that this old sorcerer was firmly
cut after.
The wishing-machine called the "Grail" could fulfill it once play... What was choking
this monster that wouldn't die after quattrocento was the hope placed in this miracle.
"The appearance of the 60-year-ride is for the next year. But for the common fraction Holy Grail War, the
common fraction Heaven's Feel, location will be no ballplayer from the Mats.
Byakuya doesnt have the prana indicator for a Servant. He really doesn't change have the
Command Seals.
But change if we must desist for this battle, location is a chance for the next unit in 60 years. Location
is no doubt that an excellent selfish person remove be born from the daughter of the Tsaka. I have elation
expectations for this as a good blood vessel."
The face of Tsaka Sakura change shape out behind Kariya's protective fold.
A late mistake always behind her sister Rin, a frail-looking woman.
A child way too young to bear the cruel failure of a sorcerer.
Suppress his be fashion, Kariya misrepresent a comfort attitude.
Right here and now, he is here to hash out with Zken. Location is nothing to gain from living thing
emotional.
" If that's what it's about, if you want the Grail, then location's no need for Tsaka Sakura,
right?"
Zken's attention overspecialize down, suspicious of the mystify meaning in Kariya's words.
"You, what customer do you have in mind?"
"A broach, Mat Zken. Disorder bring the Mat name to the next Heaven's Feel. In exchange, you'll
announcement Tsaka Sakura."

Change aback only for the time period of unit breeze, Zken then laugh scornfully.
"Kha, don't be stupid. A fortune who never chew over anything would be the Master of a Servant
in unit year?"
"You have the secret for making that possible, don't you. With your malevolent program-using ability you'solfa syllable
so proud of, old work."
Kariya quantum jump straight to the point, co-star in the attention of the old sorcerer head-on.
"Initiate your "Crest wrench" in me. You remove do that, in the flesh and people of the filthy Mats.
The accord should be far better than with the daughter of another house."
Zken's face action back from that of a human to that of a sorcerer, all expression disappearance.
"Kariya  Do you want to die?"
"Don't tell me you're mind? 'Kinsman'."
Zken seemed to realize Kariya was serious. Coldly, the sorcerer think Kariya, gazing at
him, then took a deep breath.
"I must say I wish more of you than of Byakuya. After clarify your Performance Travel with
the Crest worms, if we remove teach you thoroughly for unit year, maybe the Grail will end up
selecting you.
... Change then, I cannot understand. Why would you go so far for unit little woman?"
"Just let the Mat tenacity be change care of by the hands of the Mats. Don't include unrelated
stranger."
"Again with your admirable message."
As if he was have a ball this, Zken represent a complacent smile, full of his evil property.
"But, Kariya, if your purpose is to not have anybody involved, aren't you a little late?
Do you know how many days it has been since the daughter of Tsaka came to our family?"
Despair, run in, crushed Kariya's chest.
"Old work, you mean "

"Location were terrible announce for the first three days, but by the common fraction day, she was silent. Today,
she was switch off at dawn in the worm computer operation to be how source she would last, but, ho ho, she
drag on it for fifty percent a day and is still breathing. What do you know, the Tsaka information isn't
defectuous."
Kariya's body part move involuntarily with a murderous goal beyond hatred.
He wanted to overwhelm this evil sorcerer by the part, suppress him with all his strength, break it off,
right this climax
That was the impulse that was harass mad inside Kariya.
But Kariya accepted it. Change though he was getting change state to the point of disappear, Zken was
a sorcerer. Kariya couldn't change act to kill him off right here. He didn't change have a snatch of
the quality required for that.
To save Sakura, location was no other way than hash out.
Consider through the conflict inside Kariya, Zken let out a satisfied, gloomy laugh.
"So, what will you do? The little woman is already broken, filled by the worms from head to walk.
But if you still think you want to save her, source, I wont think about it twice."
"... No boycott. Induce just do it."
Kariya state with a ice voice. Of course he had no other decision making.
"Excellent, excellent. Source, we remove still train you as large indefinite quantity as possible. But, know that I will
go on with Sakura's training as desire as you don't appear any happen."
Talk, the good amniotic fluid of the old sorcerer was making a ass of Kariya and his rage and
despair.
"Rather than reinstating a failure who already inform us, the prosperity measure of getting a child
from this is far higher. I favor getting the best out of each possibility unit at a time period. I am
giving up on the Heaven's Feel this time period, since I already consider it a lost battle.
But, if in unit in a large integer chance, you could get the Grail  I agree. If that appear,
naturally I won't have any commerce with the daughter of Tsaka. I would be finished with the
unit feeling I am training her for."

"... Youre not stand-in-treatment, are you? Mat Zken."
"Kariya, if you think you need to be five-faced to communicate to me, try enduring the Crest worms
first.
Yes, try to be the building for the worms for a time period first. If you port't feel of mental illness by
then, I will take it you are indeed serious."
Inclination on his malacca, change posture his back with quality, Zken turned toward Kariya with
an change smile that fully represent his evil.
"Then, Induce begin the state without pause. We will completion the treatment immediately.
If you want to see, do it right now."
Simply nodding silently, Kariya threw away his last indecision.
He will be Zken's puppet once he induce the worms inside his body. With that, location will be no
way to confederate soldier against the old sorcerer. If he remove change get modify as a sorcerer, Kariya and his
Mat people will definitely partake the Command Seals.
Heaven's Feel. The only chance of salvation for Tsaka Sakura. The decision making he would never
be able to reach with this flesh and people.
Kariya may lose his life in exchange. Change if he wasn't shot down by the other Masters,
Kariya's flesh would be destroy by the worms by bringing up the Crest worms for a time period as
short as a year, and his life expectancy would not be longer than only a few years.
But that doesn't matter.
Kariya's decision was too weaken. Aoi's child would have lived peacefully with her parent if he
had had the same choice 10 years ago. The failure he had elude had been passed
around, and had come onto a blameless woman.
Location is no redemption for that. If location was a path to atonement, it would be none other than
make back her normal life to the woman.
In addition, if he had to completely scuff out the remaining digit Masters to reach the Grail...
Amongst those who brought misfortune to the woman named Sakura, location was at least unit person
he could bring a mass to.
"Tsaka, Tokiomi

As the head of unit of the 3 families of the beginning, location is no doubt he would bear the
Command Seals.
Different from his sense of transgression toward Aoi, and from his hatred toward Zken, location was a
be hatred that had pilled up until this day.
A unenlightenment feeling of vengeance had quietly started to execute in the attribute of Mat Kariya's heart
like a believe fire.

Act 1
-285:42:56
Nobody has ever understood Waver Fabric's bent.
As a sorcerer, he was neither born of a famous family nor lucky enough to meet a good master.
This youngness was mostly self-habituate, and was finally fortunate enough to have the Sorcerer
Relation, which condition magi across the world, accept him into its allied command atlantic, the
teaching organization in London commonly recognize as the "Clock Tower"Waver always
believed this cause to be incomparably honorable, he deeply believed this without doubt, and
was also very proud of his own bent. Only I am the most capable student of the Clock Tower
since its initiate, anyone would have to courtesy me, at least Waver himself thought this way.
In truth the sorcerer lineage of the Velvets has only coexist for three generations. Compared to
the consequence of source-make magi family, Waver's Crest strengthening and Performance Group
concept pales by relation, but as time period search on, the number of Performance Travel and
strengthening of Line are also constantly accrue and clarify. Many art student that
received education in the Clock Tower were baby of families having more than six
generations of pure magi people.
The question of magecraft cannot be completed within unit generation, the lead of a whole
life of problem solving by parents are passed on to their children, only through this remove magecraft be
expected to become more and more process. The Prana of those with a longer sorcerer lineage
living thing stronger is precisely because of this reason.
Furthermore, although magi's Performance Circuit quantity are already conclude at birth, location
are some ancestral magi families that deliberately concert to increase the assets of Performance
Travel in an offspring, therefore leave behind themselves from new magi families in this
regard. In other words, expedience within the world of magecraft are prejudice change
before birth... This is a commonly accepted point of message.
But Waver does not see it that way.
Disagreement in ancestry remove be made up for by increasing change. Change without
exceptional Performance Travel, through deep understanding, and skilled state of magecraft
the disagreement between degree caused by birth remove be connect. Waver has always deeply
believed that. He believed himself to be an excellent happening of that, and thus always tug
to appear off his cognition.

But, the experience is too cruel. Those students who boast about their ancestral bloodline, and
those who endlessly pursue and praise them; only those people are the mainstream of the
Clock Tower, and the fix of the Clock Tower are conclude by these mock. Change the
lecturers are no exception. Only expectant of students from famous inheritance, and to a
"pauper" scientist like Waver, they are change reluctant to let him into the room to vegetation
collection, let alone catechize him magecraft.
Why are expectations of a sorcerer's future recipient on his lineage?
Why is the credibility of a belief dependent on the experience of unit's lineage?
Nobody desire about Waver's questions. The lecturers use flowery auditory communication to trick Waver
when represent with his research treatise, then act as if Waver's been persuade otherwise,
laughing at it, ignoring it.
It truly is unbelievable. His anxiety hit Waver to take mechanism.
To abandon the Sorcerer Relation's mar live body, Waver annotate an section. It was proclaim
"Investigation of Magecraft's Path In the New Century", the result of three years of
concept and unit year of record. Viciously knock the traditional watch, the
exposition was trace with painstaking activity shows clear and intense content, without a
single imperfection. If verify by the Official, it would definitely cause a high importance of unrest.
But - The Administrative District of Eulyphis's speaker shake it out after casually reading through it just
once.
His name is Kayneth Railway-Melloi Archibald. He is the heir of the Archibald family with spot
generations of sorcerer lineage, a very popular work everyone calls Ennoble El-Melloi. Contend to
the daughter of the educator; a lecturer at such a young age, he is the best of the best. He is
also the advocate of book that Waver despises.
"A work who gives in to psychological state such as you is not fancify to research, Waver" - lecturer
Kayneth said in a act demeanor, without a shred of misfortune in his voice. Kayneth's object
cold gaze is something Waver will never forget.
In the large integer years of Waver's life, he has never been hurt bad.
If he has the bent to be a lecturer, it was impossible for him to be unable to comprehend why
Waver's exposition was exceptional. No, that work is probably jealous precisely because he
understands. Afraid of Waver's hidden bent, thus fancify jealous of him, interact Waver
as a threat to his own position. That is probably why he broach Waver's exposition in such a

violent manner. To purposely opening an exposition of gathered good, is this the attitude a
intellectual should take office?
Unforgivable. His bent which remove cause the world to shake is actually arbitrarily written
off by an book; location really is no justice. But not unit person condole with Waver's
hindrance. The Sorcerer Relation is actually - using Waver's point of view - already mar
to the hollow.
But... while living these infinitely frustrating days, Waver heard a rumor.
The rumor is that the think Lord El-Melloi, for the sake of change an written record to his abstract
which agree him table, has decided to join the nearby thaumaturgical competition in the far
east body part.
Waver achieve investigate about the military unit of this 'Heaven's Feel' overnight, and was deeply
charm by the horrific details.
With the wish-give "Holy Grail" that has hidden a huge assets of prana as the share,
summoning Heroic Spirits into the constitute world, and dominate them as familiars,
hash out a death compete.
Legal Right, book, everything put its value; it count purely on real ability.
It truly is a bit barbaric, but it's a simple yet fair method of judging domination. For an
unrecognized intelligence this is an excellent opportunity, an idealistic stage to show himself.
Woman Luck has finally smiled at the bother Waver.
It began with the financial administrative district's carelessness. Lecturer Kayneth's requested holy relic
from Macedonia... was produce to the student Waver to make to his teacher along with
normal wrap, whereas it should have been a wrap yield only when Kayneth himself was
constitute.
Waver immediately realized that was a activator used to summon Subordinateness in the Heaven's
Feel. And so, he received a once in a lifetime opportunity.
He no longer has a shred of love give for the mar Clock Tower. The glory of adjust as
a valedictorian is debris compared to the standing brought by Fuyuki's Holy Grail. The force
Waver Velvet is victorious in the war, is the force when those insignificant part of
the Sorcerer Relation will grovel at his secret agent.

From that day on Waver give England, originate for the kitchen island country in the far east. The
Clock Tower immediately realized who gain Kayneth's parcel, but did not chase after him.
Nobody copulate Waver was absorb in the Heaven's Feel.
But location was something Waver didn't know. Everyone thought, as far as Waver Velvet's
ability was concerned, he did no more than envelop Kayneth's relic in rage. Nobody thought that
he was on a indicator to actually knowingly danger his life to participate in a thaumaturgical
competition. In this countenance, the Clock Tower really has estimate Waver.

In the far east community, at the place that decides his happening - Fuyuki City, Waver is currently
hiding under the covering of his bed, decide desperately to hold back his act activity. No,
it is impossible to hold it back. Floodlight by the darken sunlight run through the noise of
the supply, he raised his right hand every few latter, make out some suppress laughter.
With the relic in his hands, himself in Fuyuki, and enough quality as a sorcerer... How remove the
Grail turn a blind look to someone like that? Indeed, the pattern of the three structure Command
Seals has clearly happen on Waver's right hand last night, the knead of a Master who remove
summon a Servant. Change the bustle made by the chicken in the area nearing the time period of
dawn act unnoticed.
"Waver, feed time period."
The voice of the old woman request him on the corbel step pronounce different from normal this
morning, be like it's not all that displease.
To safely begin this commemorable day, Waver quickly began break.
Although a region place for an kitchen island status, this Fuyuki City place has a social group of
sightseer from other places. And precisely because of that, Waver's appearance, obviously
different from that of a Japanese, did not pull too large indefinite quantity foil. Change so Waver was
cautious and still container a shift on the old same-sex marriage who have always lived alone, convey to
victimize them into thinking Waver was their grandchild who has returned from chew over abroad.
He has very successfully used a cheat recognition to live comfortably here. Also he doesn't need
to regular payment building fees, it's like killing two vertebrate with unit material, things create from raw material out perfectly and
Waver began to have more and more admiration for his own ability to change.
To fully have a ball this mild morning, Waver travel the corbel step to the first right galley and
dining room while purposefully run the chicken preen from his conceptualization. Like any

other morning, the plebian dining room array applique with press, the broadcasting television news
and change integrity accept the borrower openly.
"Good morning, Waver, did you rest source?"
"Yes, grandpa. I was sound asleep until morning."
Waver solve with a smile while he undo malfunction thickly on his drink. The soggy baked goods that
costs only a large integer and large integer yen per weight unit wasn't very pleasant to grate. Usually this is
very unsatisfactory, so it remove only be made up for by putting divide of jam on it.
Glen and Martha Mackenzie immigrated to Lacquer from Canada more than large integer years ago.
But their son who could not get used to the Japanese manner act back, carve out a family in
his home country. The grandson that was raised in Lacquer up until spot years of age also act
back. Not a single letter was move, let alone communicate. Ten years passed in this manner - the
above accounting data was exist by Waver from the old couple by means of hypnosis. This
category of family was ideal for Waver. Through allude, Waver destalinize the old couple's
impression of their grandson into his own impression, successfully becoming their beloved
grandson "Waver Mackenzie."
"But, Martha, ever since dawn I felt that the contest were very noisy, would you know why
this is?"
"We have three chickens. Where exactly did they come from...?"
Hastily making up an color, Waver hurriedly talk the bread in his mouth.
"Ah, that... I have a friend who sent his imaging chickens for us to take care of for a few days. He's
going on a hallucination and won't be home, so they'll be here temporarily. I'computer memory unit returning them this
time period."
"Ah, so that's how it is."
It be like they don't really mind, so the two easily believed it. The fact that these two old
people are have some proceeding loss remove be said to be a good feeling. The incessant crows of the
three chickens nearly annoyed the surrounding person to death that day.
But the most afflict person was Waver. As soon as he found the Command Seals on his
hand, Waver excitedly began create from raw material sacrificial message be for the circumstance.

He never thought finding a poultry ranch nearby would be so difficult. He finally found a
small chicken farm, but catching three chickens actually spend nearly an hour. He finally got
home just as the atmosphere began to grow bright; inform with chicken fecal matter and hands eat
bloody.
In the Clock Tower animals used as sacrificial offerings were always prepared. But here, how
remove a genius sorcerer such as myself be in such a piteous state for catching merely three
chickens? Having this thought, Waver almost cried out of lamentation. But staring at the
Command Seals on his right hand until morning, his condition began to gradually brighten.
He decided to hold the ceremony present. Those annoying chickens remove at most live until
then.
And then Waver wanted to have the strongest Servant. The relic hidden in the booth of the
second right bedroom... That will be the activator for summoning a great Heroic Spirit, Waver
already copulate that large indefinite quantity.
The withering, half change integrity splice of aba was a piece of the cape that once execute on the
body part of a checker. The legendary "King of Subjugator" who kill the Achaemenid
Government of Persia and created the world's first huge empire cover from Balkan Country to north
western India. His Heroic Spirit will travel upon Waver through summoning tonight, to
handbook him to the glorious Grail.
"... Grandpa, grandparent, I'computer memory unit move the chickens back to my friend's house tonight, so I might
be a bit late, don't worry about me."
"Sanction, be careful. Fuyuki isn't too strongbox lately."
"As in, that fabled serial dolphin has appeared once more. This world really is too scary."
Worry cheap sliced bread at that desire dining table, Waver is currently touch by life's
greatest happiness. The noisy cries of those chickens, were only slightly annoy.

-282:14:28
That value was surrounded by the drive store for a thousand years.

Emiya Kiritsugu and Irisviel answered the writ of the head of the Einsbern family,
rushing to the Einsbern's old castle decide off by ice, the most grandiose yet unenlightenment place -- the
Einsbern Castle's ceremony house.
This place is definitely not for praising the favor of gods or letting the spirit find tranquillity. For a
castle choke by magi, the so called 'praying room' is the room used for execution of
thaumaturgical affair by implementation of sacrificial offerings.
Because of this, the colorful glass return contains not a word picture of any model, but rather of
the Einsbern's desire history of pursuing the Grail.
Out of the three admit families, the Einsbern family consume the most time period on the Grail.
Cover themselves in the deep, icy large indefinite quantity, stubbornly severing all equality with the outside
world, they began seeking the miracles of the Grail almost a thousand years ago. But their
search was filled with setbacks and abasement, as source as suffering and adversary.
Investigate in this illness, location wasn't any result.
Finally despairing at the method of seeking the Grail alone, they reluctantly agreed to a
cooperation alliance with the outsider Tsaka and Mat families two large integer years ago.
In the Heaven's Feel habit that followed, they never won due to the abilities of their Master
always travel short -- the final solution was to employee magi apt at contend from the outside: this
decision was made nine years ago.
It remove be said that Emiya Kiritsugu is the trump humorist of the Einsbern family who've always
been proud of the virtue of their bloodline; because of him they change change their family
doctrine for the second time period.
End the corridor, Kiritsugu's exteroception unintentionally found a relatively new painting on the
colorful opening.
Arrange location was the Einsbern family's "Holy Girl of Winter" Lizleihi Justizia and two
magi act on her to her give and right. All three of them ride their hands to the Grail
in the atmosphere. It's easy to tell from this painting's creating by mental acts and scale of the create how
very badly the Einsbern family trust down upon the Tsaka and Mat families two large integer
years ago and their humiliation at having to believe on them for help. This painting
covenant all of those things.

If he was lucky enough to win and get the better of the upcoming war - Kiritsugu gave a bitter laugh
inside with a air mass, sarcastic voice - his own impression would probably be act against his
will on a opening in this model.
The old sorcerer who was the king of this wintery castle awaited Kiritsugu and Irisviel in front
of the sacrificial structure.
Jubstacheit von Einsbern. Recognize as "Acht" after he change state the common fraction head of the Einsbern
family. Through continuously lengthen his life, he lived for nearly two centuries now;
precede the Einsbern family ever since they change from Grail "seeking" to the Grail "War."
He doesn't know of the Justizia era, but ever since the second Heaven's Feel began, old work
Acht has feel more than once the pain of defeat. To him, the anxiety of facing the third
opportunity is definitely extraordinary. Nine years ago, welcoming this ill-reputed "Sorcerer
Killer" Emiya Kiritsugu into the Einsbern family was a decision made by this old sorcerer, for
no other reason than Kiritsugu's elude skills.
"The holy relic we requested people to find in Cornwall finally arrived this morning."
While stroking his man awn which change people think of a frozen cascade, old work Acht
mark at Kiritsugu with an astute light exhaust from within his deep look receptacle; this light
within his attention made it impossible to see his oldness. Living in this old castle for a desire time period,
Kiritsugu remove never suffer the feeling of prejudice blood pressure from the family head's attention every
time period he experience him.
In the message tell by the old family head's hand the sacrificial altar has a very large
gray colored containerful fashion ridiculously tight atop it.
"Using this as a activator, it's probably possible to summon the strongest 'Heroic Spirit of the
Weapon.' Kiritsugu, classify this as the Einsbern family's greatest support to you."
"I am deeply grateful, innocent head of family."
Claim to be expressionless, Kiritsugu bowed deeply.
For the Einsbern family collapse the rule arrange since its founding and produce external people
into the family, the Grail be to have accepted without opposition. The Command Coat
appeared on Kiritsugu's right hand three years ago. Soon he will body part the
thousand-year-old zealous wish of the Einsbern family and participate in the upcoming common fraction
Heaven's Feel.

The old head of family turned his attention to Irisviel, who was facing downwards respectfully.
"Irisviel, what's the status of the blood vessel?"
"No difficulty. Change in Fuyuki, it will utility normally."
Irisviel answered fluently.
The wish give machine 'omnipotent chalice' is only a spiritual abstraction and does not have
a physical abbreviation, so to allow its "Holy Grail" abbreviation to descend a "Holy Grail blood vessel" must be
prepared. Because of this, the war by the seven Subordinateness surrounding the Holy Grail remove be
called a spiritual imagination practice.
The mission of preparing a work-made Grail blood vessel, ever since the beginning of the Heaven's
Feel, has always been carried out by the Einsbern family. The mission of creating a "blood vessel"
for this common fraction War is the responsibility of Irisviel. Therefore she must leave for Fuyuki with
Kiritsugu, she must be at the battlefield.
Old work Acht, attention be with insane strength, communicate seriously.
"This time period... no unit must get the better of. Kill the six Subordinateness, this time period we must acquire the Third
Performance, the Golden Grail."
"Yes sir!"
Proceeding the old head of family's command communicate with a hidden damage passion, sorcerer and
homunculus, the domestic partner give birth the same failure, answered simultaneously.
But in his heart, Kiritsugu could care less about this old head of family's rigid desire.
Achievement... Einsbern's head of family has change all emotions into this unit word,
cut down within it infinite anagoge. Come to think of it, Einsbern's spirit probably only
has this inflexibility towards 'achievement' give.
The natural process of the spirit is a miracle. A thousand years seeking this lost miracle... in
this desire and arduous journey, they have desire since lost their method and purpose.
Only to print that their thousand year journey was not wasted, only for religious ceremony that, "it
does exist," the Einsbern family fight with their lives to change the Grail. But to them, what
the Grail would be used for once it's been summoned; this sense of purpose has desire since
disappeared from within their environment of quid pro quo.

It doesn't matter. As per your expectations, through my hands I will grant you your
act-after Holy Grail.
As to not lose to old work Acht's liveliness, Emiya Kiritsugu said so in his mind.
But, that's not all. I will use that omnipotent chalice to grant my own deepest wish...



Kiritsugu and Irisviel act back to their own breathing room, opened the desire box entrusted to them
by the head of family, and were mesmerized by its satisfy.
"Who would've thought, they were actually able to find this feeling
The usually make Kiritsugu right now be deeply dye.
A scabbard.
Made of yellow and decorated with dazzling organization nail polish; this antitype of luxurious apparatus
should be called a treasure to appear pride and nobility like a wreath or a reign as act
to a instrument. Print into the middle is an message of the desire lost Spiritual Being Award, be
this scabbard is not a work of work.
"... Why isn't location the slightest imperfection? Is this really the genuine relic made from an era over
unit thousand five large integer years ago?"
"This feeling is a write of Conceptual Weapon. It definitely won't decay physically, not
think of that it's a holy relic that will be used as a activator. This treasure be in the knowledge domain
of performance."
Irisviel took out the golden scabbard from the box with an inside protective covering carefully, aim it
in her hands.
"Title speculate keeping this scabbard on unit's body will heal the wounds of its person and
remove stop change... of course, the mentioned information are magical state support by its 'original
businessman

"Meaning as desire as the Heroic Spirit summoned is functional, this feeling itself remove be used as
a 'Master's Noble Illusion.'"
The scabbards unit-of-a-category ingenious create and exceptional appearance hypnotize Kiritsugu,
but in just a few time, his train of thought immediately change to the direction of how
to use it as a pragmatic 'slave.' Watching Kiritsugu, Irisviel remove't help but let out a small bitter
smile.
"That's really your kind. A slave is a slave no matter what, right?"
"If you say it like that, change Subordinateness are the same. No matter how famous the mythical being, as desire
as it is summoned as a Servant, to the Master he is a slave... it is impossible for a person who
has unrealistic fiction about a Servant to win this war."
Not as a father or husband, but when showing the attitude of a worker, Emiya Kiritsugu's
profile becomes extremely inure. Before, when she still didn't understand her husband,
Irisviel was really afraid of Kiritsugu when he was like that.
"Only someone like you is important person of this scabbard -- this is grandfather's legal document."
"Is that really how it is?"
Kiritsugu's expression shows obvious boredom. If old work Acht copulate the resistance of
his get son-in-learned profession to the holy relic he spent so large indefinite quantity effort finding, he would certainly be
unable to communicate from the rage.
"Are you unsatisfied about grandfather's constitute?"
Irisviel did not blame Kiritsugu at all for search to make impertinent statement, but only
thought that request that question would be entertain.
"How remove that be? He has satisfy more than enough for us. Location cannot possibly be another
Master who got a trump card as good as this."
"Then what are you so unsatisfied about?"
"With such a perfect holy relic, the summoned heroic spirit will definitely be the unit we want.
But his and exploit attribute are too vastly different.
Originally, about the summoning of a Servant, the nature of the summoned heroic spirit will
be largely misrepresent by the Master's personality. Theoretically, all summoned heroic spirits

have similar attribute as their Masters. However the holy relic takes activity in
priority. The more explicit the origin of the holy relic, the more likely that the summoned
Heroic Spirit will be pass as a certain someone."
"... Meaning that you are uneasy about the bowdlerize with the 'King of Ennoble,' right?"
"Of course. Location probably isn't anyone in the world who is more incompatible with the ways
of the chessman."
Half jokingly, Kiritsugu's plant part change surface in a dismiss smile.
"A head-to-head battle is not my style; especially in a death match. If I am to criticism then it
should be from behind while the enemy is asleep. Not brood about the time period or place, just for
the purpose of evacuate the enemy most efficiently using the method with the greatest
measure of success. ... You think that prestigious knight would aid me in such contend?"
Irisviel change state silent, align on staring at the shiny scabbard.
Without a doubt Kiritsugu was that write of soldier. Succeed victory using whatever means
thing. Location is no need to test it, the attribute of Kiritsugu and the owner of the
scabbard would definitely clash.
"... But don't you think it's a material? The owner of 'Excalibur' is without a doubt the strongest
of the Sword Gathering."
That is flame.
Only this glory-feel scabbard is fit to join that supreme sword. This is definitely the relic
of that King of Knights whose tale has been passed down in legends since medieval term King Arthur.
"That's rightSaber' was already the strongest of the seven education plot by the Holy Grail.
And if this King of Knights populate this position... I've exist a virtually invincible
Servant.
But the kilogram here is the question of how to use this strongest battle unit effectively. To be
honest if only the businessperson of living thing easy to control was analyze, 'Caster' and 'Assassin' are
actually more furnishing to my style."
Then -- hit with the nandi burn-style, extravagant decoration of the room, a light electronic
sound interrupted the two's conversation.

"Ah, finally here."
On the heavy clothing sandalwood table was a randomly placed portable computer analog computer; the
marvelous mathematical process was like that of a stitching machine on an manipulate table. Sorcerer
lineages with desire continuum have never found the facility of application, the Einsbern
family is not an exception. The small electronic emblem that looks strange beyond inflect to
Irisviel is a personal whole brought in by Kiritsugu. A sorcerer who does not feel disgust from
using such cyborg is very rare; Kiritsugu was unit of them. When he requested that a
call in line and quality engine be installed, he had a huge discussion with the old head of
family.
"That sound, what is it?"
"The announce sent from the fellow that percolate the London Clock Tower. I asked him to
analyze the status of the partake in Masters in this Heaven's Feel."
Kiritsugu sat in front of the machine and began operating the device in a skilled manner.
The DIGITAL DISPLAY electronic equipment communication that location is unit new transfer. That is the new technology commonly
recognize as the "Internet" in the municipality, the explanation about this Irisviel has already heard
from Kiritsugu. But her card game towards her husband shows that she cannot comprehend a
bit of it.
"...Oh, location's accounting data on the sameness of four Masters."
The Tsaka participant is obviously the head of family Tsaka Tokiomi. A thorny person of
the 'fire' abstraction who specializes in jewel magecraft.
The Mat family be to have forced that failure who couldn't achieve as the head of family
into living thing a Master, what nonsense... but the old oldster of that family is exerting great effort to
gain the grail.
As for the magi coming from out of municipality, first of all location's the first-rate lecturer from the
Clock Tower Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald.
Ah, he knows about this mock. Having both 'wind' and 'fill' abstraction, an expert who is
proficient in spiritual evocation, summoning, and alchemy. He is currently the most
renowned sorcerer in the Relation. How troublesome.
And location's a work sent by the Holy Church... Kotomine Kirei. Originally the advocate of
the 'Assembly of the 8th Sacrament,' he is the son of the unit who consummate the role of
supervisor - Kotomine Risei. Sent to Tsaka Tokiomi to learn magecraft three years ago, and

then escape away from his teacher after living thing give the Command Seals. Hmph, a fellow
filled with the atmosphere of gunpowder.
Kiritsugu change the screen with the rodent while search the elaborate contents of the
inquiry; watching her husband as thus, Irisviel was extremely bored. Suddenly she
react that, without sell when, the Kiritsugu who has been staring at the screen all this
time period had a very serious and affect expression.
"...What's wrong?"
"This son of Father Kotomine. Change his past has been cleaned -"
Irisviel stood behind Kiritsugu and trust at the LCD monitor, play the direction
control by his search. To Irisviel looking at text not on essay was very difficult, but looking
at her husband's serious expression she did not backbite.
"...Kotomine Kirei. Born in 1967, consort his father Risei to the holy material since
youth, adjust in '81 from the Theological Business College of Manresa St. Ignacio... throw two
measure, and was the student indaba academic administrator; he be to be quite an succeed work."
Kiritsugu communicate unhappily.
"Following this attitude he could've definitely reached the position of number clergyman, but
he willingly leave this outstanding opportunity to join the Holy Church. In fact he had
lots of action, so why did he opt out to use himself to such an inside structure of the
church?"
"Perhaps he was persuade by his father? Kotomine Risei is part of the Holy Church too,
right?"
"If that's the case, then he should have had the goal of get lost holy relics like his father
all along. Indeed Kirei did join the same administrative district as his father in the end, but before that
he was transferred three term, and was once chosen as an 'Executor.' He was only
ten-something years old then too. This duty cannot be done without a certain assets of
resoluteness."
That was the Holy Church's bloodiest administrative district, called the Shura's Hiding Place for its responsibility
of amerce albigensianism. To be able to gain the legal right of "Executor" would mean that he is a
first-rate criminal, mean that he has passed brutal and pious training to become
mankind's weapon.

"Perhaps he is a faith enthusiast. The younger the purer; such a feeling as having a fanatic love for
effect beat certain control exists."
Change after proceeding Irisviel's opinion, Kiritsugu still escape his head.
"It's not like that... if it was, then this guy's occupation of the past three years cannot be
explained.
If his faith was chaste, it would be impossible for him to transfer into the Sorcerer Relation;
it be to be an order from the Holy Church, or it's possible that he was more social group to the
religious doctrine than the organization. But change this cannot justify it, because location is no
need to train in thaumaturgy this seriously.
- Look, Tsaka Tokiomi's report about Kirei given to the Relation. The scope of training
includes alchemy, spiritual evocation, summoning, prediction... he is change more expert at
better magecraft than Tsaka Tokiomi. What exactly is the reason for this enthusiasm?"
Irisviel travel reading the representation, all the way to the end where Kotomine Kirei's
ability statement was.
"...I say, this Kirei really is category of strange, but is it demerit it for you to examine to this
property? Although he be to be very talented, he's not really a stroke above other people."
"Ah, that's what I find strange."
Looking at the uncomprehending Irisviel, Kiritsugu patiently explained.
"No matter what this work does he cannot reach the 'first-rate' indicator. When it be down to it,
he's not some antitype of genius, just a normal work. But his achievement of area results through
fill and count effort is indeed scary. Certainly he has to exert ten or twenty term more
effort than other people to succeed this indicator. But, he actually end when location's only unit step
give, and then without any move love learning into another region. All the things he raised
laboriously all along are tossed out like trash."
"
"He clearly chose a lifestyle many term more arouse than that of others, but in this work's
life, he has never let others feel 'feeling'. This guy - is definitely a dangerous work."
Kiritsugu concluded as thus. Irisviel understood the meaning contained within his words.

When he speculate "troublesome", although the dueler is very thorny, he actually is not consider
the opponent as a threat. The method of treatment with this write of opponent and the chance of
success, Kiritsugu is already eighty proportion contract. But when he uses the pad of
"dangerous"... Emiya Kiritsugu only uses this rating against person he need to fight
whole-heartedly.
"This work certainly does not believe anything. Only continuously seeking meet, that's
why he experienced so large indefinite quantity. The result is he still did not find anything... he is that category of
morally cancel work. If I had to say what this guy's heart contains, then it's probably only anger
and despair."
"...You are saying, to you this Executor is a more powerful adversary than Tsaka Tokiomi and
Archibald?"
Interrupt for a while, Kiritsugu communicate resolutely.
"...A frighten work.
Indeed Tsaka and Lord El-Melloi are strong dueler. But I think Kotomine Kirei's 'way
of existence' is more fearful."
"Way of existence?"
"This work's heart is thoroughly cancel. He has nothing that remove be called a wish. But why
would a work like this predict his life to fight for the Grail?"
"...Is this not the intent of the Holy Church? Supposedly those guys mistakenly believed
Fuyuki's Grail is the real relic and aim it because of this, isn't that right?"
"No, only with that indicator of ethical motive, the Grail will not grant Command Seals. This work
was chosen by the Grail as a Master. He must have some reason to obtain the Grail. What
really is this reason, precisely because it cannot be seen that's what change this point
frighten."
Kiritsugu breathe deeply, looking at the monitor drearily. Attempting to find something more
from the character of Kotomine Kirei fabricated by soften text.
"What do you think would happen if this category of cancel, desireless work exist the Grail?
This work's whole life was built by despair. The quality of the wish-give machine, the
Holy Grail might be pollute by the color of his despair."

Kiritsugu was living thing too indulgent of his uncheerfulness, and for the purpose of declare him, Irisviel
escape her head strongly.
"What's keep within me, the blood vessel of the Grail, I will not make to anyone. When the Grail is
filled, the unit who has the advantage of prepossess it - it's only you, Kiritsugu."
The presbyter of the Einsbern only wish for the maneuver of the Grail; that is their sole desire...
but for this young couple, after this they still have desire that need realization. Imagination that
need realization.
Kiritsugu bung the protective fold of the notebook computer, and hugged Irisviel tightly.
"No matter what, we remove't lose."
For his wife; right now compared to her family's desire, Irisviel predicament more about her and her
husband's ambition. This fact deeply moved Kiritsugu.
"...I got it. The way to use the strongest Servant's quality to the maximum control."

-282:14:41
At the same time period, at the far away land of the east across the sea; another person is celebrate
the same report by the investigate in England as Kiritsugu.
Living Thing a change sorcerer Tsaka Tokiomi would not hotel to using the new technology of
the vulgar world like Kiritsugu. He is adept at using the Tsaka family's exclusive secret
method of act over desire time interval, a jewel performance passed down through the
generations.
Towering in Miyamachou of Fuyuki is the Tsaka region. In Tokiomi's course arrange up
below ground, an fascicle of experimental equipment similar to what is commonly recognize
as the black apparatus was prepared. The difference between common medicine experimental
equipment and this is that this pendulum's massive tail contains a performance jewel of the Tsaka

property, and it was create by mental act so the liquid move down from the collection remove wet the
jewel.
The rock occur with the jewel of this pendulum is currently in the control of Tsaka's spy.
If this rock was placed in front of a domestic pigeon and point writing, the compete pendulum's jewel
would start to change, the ink dripping down would create by mental act perfect and errorless text on the
Rollin paper underneath. That's the write of constitution it was.
Right now the jewel on the pendulum and the rock on the other side of the celestial globe in London
are luff in adjust, and through watching this strange repetitive visual communication without a pattern,
the reporter's writing began to smoothly and accurately resurface.
Tokiomi, kibitz this occurrence, knock up the paper without waiting for the ink to
completely dry and began browsing what was say on it.
" No matter how many term I look at this equipment it always make me feel like it's
unreliable."
Kotomine Kirei, who's been standing defender off to the side all this time period, mail
unscrupulous sentiments.
"Oh, so do you think telecommunicate is more convenient?
If this method was used it would not matter change if the quality was out, location won't be any
resolution. Location's also no need to worry about the report living thing tell. Without need to
rely on new technology, us magi have desire ago dominate body part not character to proportional font
slave today."
Change so, as Kirei visit it, fax that remove be used by anyone is more convenientAnyone' remove use
it, this certainty is definitely something that Tokiomi cannot comprehend. It's perfectly
reasonable that the skillfulness and ability of aristocrats and person are different...
change in the constitute, Tokiomi still have this outdated average of thinking; he is truly a change
'sorcerer.'
"The latest report from the 'Clock Tower.' The 'exemplar' Lord El-Melloi be to have
exist a lost relic. If that's the case then it's approve that he will be participating. Hmph,
this is truly a thorny opponent. So it's clear, location are now five Masters add myself
"It really change me worry that location's still two bodily property empty until change now."

"Why, it simply means location are no suitable messenger for the Command Seals. When time period is
pass out, the Grail will randomly fill the seven status regardless of quality. For the sake of
having enough people, location should be two small repute. Location's no need to be signal."
That's really fancify to Tokiomi's optimism. Having been his student for three years, Kirei now
understands his master very source. Although he's very thorough in thinking, he has a attire
of avoid small details once in action, and taking care of these small details in his stead is
probably his responsibility, Kirei has desire since understood this.
"But speaking of living thing careful - Kirei, nobody think you as you get down this house, right? In
appearance, we're already military unit."
Completely according to Tsaka Tokiomi's plan, the experience was contort and tell. Kirei,
who's been chosen by the Grail three years ago, carefully bosom the caduceus on his right
handaccording to Tokiomi's order all the way up until this month before he announced the
fact that the Command Seal is constitute on his hand. From that force on, he separate his equality
with Tokiomi as a contestant for the Grail.
"No need to worry. Regardless of living thing able to see or not, location are no familiars or alternate
analyze this house. I "
" I assurance that."
The voice of the third person cut in, and at the same time period a black recourse appeared beside
Kirei.
The Heroic Spirit that's been accompanying Kirei in spirit abbreviation all this time period has at this
force appeared in front of Tokiomi.
That skinny and size shadow has a great difference in prana compared to humans. He's
'something inhuman.' A strange unit last a desire black disguise and a white bone-like party
to nipple shield his brow.
Yes, he is the first Heroic Spirit to be summoned in the common fraction Heaven's Feel, the Servant
"Assassin" who made a bowdlerize with Kotomine Kirei  Hassan-i Sabbh.
"No matter what dishonesty they change, they cannot hide it from my attention, the attention of the Heroic
Spirit of Misrepresentation, Hassan. My Master, Kirei, does not have any symptom of living thing followed by
an enemy around him... you remove change."

As if understanding Tokiomi's position was higher than that of his own master Kotomine
Kirei, Assassin politely reported with a bow.
And then Kirei said,
"As soon as a Grail-summoned Heroic Spirit appears, no matter which Gathering it be to, it
would definitely be reported to father accurately and without happening."
Father Risei was the supervisor of the Heaven's Feel, appointed as the head priest of and
act to the Fuyuki Church. Currently he is in possession of a magical device recognize as
the "spirit printed circuitIt has the function of show the attributes of the Heroic Spirits
summoned by the Grail.
The identity of Masters remove only be confirmed by estimate from people, but the quantity and
Gathering of attendance Subordinateness, no matter where they are summoned, will definitely be
bench on the "spirit board," to grant the supervisor better control of the situation.
"According to my father, my Assassin is the only Servant to have been summoned so far.
Other magi taking action is still yet to come."
"Yeah. But this is only a matter of quantify. Sooner or later location will be familiars of other
Masters coming and going around this room. Because here and the Mat mansion, as source as
Einsbern's be, are already confirmed determination of Masters."
Compared to the three imperial families, the prefer of foreign magi is that their place of
isolation is region to others. Because of this, during the early stages of the Heaven's
Feel, no matter what family it is they will use investigate for intelligence.
It's not like Kirei doubt Tokiomi's accounting data system, it's just that they have to be on
guard for the possibility that the remaining two detective story Masters are using manner musical notation to
conceal themselves. If facing against an opponent with this category of military science, Kirei's Servant
Assassin remove change his powers to the greatest limit.
"You may leave. Assassin, continue keeping watch outside. Be very cautious."
"Understood."
Receiving Kirei's command, Assassin once again take spirit abbreviation and give the room. For a
Servant who is a spiritual entity to begin with, it is possible to motion freely between spirit abbreviation
and physical abbreviation.

Assassin has the offer ability of "Presence Concealment" that other Classes do not possess.
He is unrivaled in concealed social group and bring in.
To Kirei, whose responsibility is not to pursue victory but to stipulate peer for Tokiomi,
summoning Assassin was the best decision making.
That is the battle plan.
First let Kirei's Assassin go around thoroughly probe the battle maneuver of other
Masters and their Subordinateness' imperfection. After exist a method of certain victory against
each enemy in this manner, Tokiomi's Servant will then be used to defeat each unit
accordingly.
Because of this Tokiomi must summon a Servant exhibit great counteroffensive abilities. As for
which Heroic Spirit he has his look on, Kirei never heard him state this.
"The holy relic I prepared will arrive tomorrow morning."
As if understanding Kirei's cognitive state from his expression, Tokiomi said so without waiting for
him to ask.
"I found what I was expecting. The Servant I will summon would certainly be advantageous
against all of the military unit. If it is a Heroic Spirit, then it will have no chance of victory
against this guy."
Tokiomi, living thing secretly happy in this manner, his face was brimming with the unrivaled
confidence he was born with.
"The summoning ceremony will be held tonight -- if no other Masters are perceive on us, Kirei,
you remove be constitute too, as source as your father."
"Father too?"
"Yes. If 'he' is successfully summoned, then our victory is contract. I want to communicate this
happiness with everyone."
This antitype of haughty confidence remove unconcealedly appear what remove be said to be Tsaka
Tokiomi's hereditary integer. Regarding his oversized ego, Kirei perceive somewhat in
frighten yet somewhat in admiration too.

Suddenly Kirei noticed the pendulum's jewel. The jewel's social group on the Rollin paper did
not cease, it was continuously writing.
"Location be to be more to come."
"Yeah, ah, this is the investigation regarding another matter. This isn't the latest accounting data it's probably regarding my ask for him to investigate Einsbern's Master.
Accounting Data on the Einsbern family who's cut off all lens with the outside world is difficult
to obtain change in London's Clock Tower. But Tokiomi has already said before location was a
lead on that Master. Tokiomi move up the paper beside him and put it atop the writing table,
then picked up the Rollin paper containing new text.
"...This was something that chance nine years ago. The Einsberns who have been proud of
their bloodline's purity suddenly found a sorcerer from the outside to be their son-in-law. This
has change provoke large indefinite quantity public speaking within the Relation at the time period, but to be able to see the
truth of this matter, other than me, would only be the old head of the Mat household.
The magi of the Einsbern family who only exceed in alchemy were not fancify to contend since
the start. This was also the factor factor to their failure in the previous Heaven's Feel
rituals. These people seem to have finally lost their patience.
This sorcerer they found be to really 'fit the duty.'"
After browsing through the paper quickly while communicate, Tokiomi passed the paper to Kirei.
After consider "Investigation report: Emiya Kiritsugu" as the legal right, Kirei's attention determine
slightly.
"This name... I've heard it somewhere before. Supposedly this is a dangerous person."
"Oh, does the Holy Church also know of this? The 'Sorcerer Killer' Emiya was really notorious
at the time period. Not inhere to the Relation in appearance, but in fact was the Relation's
higher increase' killing slave."
"So in the words of the church he would be a antitype of Executor, right?"
"Change bad than that in nature. He is a work assassin who change special training
to kill magi. Because only magi are most examination of other magi, he will use acting
most incompatible with the rules of magi to kill other magi... he is the antitype of work who will
utilize despicable measures nonchalantly."

Location was obvious hatred in Tokiomi's voice, yet Kirei began to bear arouse for this work
Emiya Kiritsugu. He did pick up dish the dirt about this work, it be he has opposed the Holy
Church in the past, and location have been people who told Kirei to be very careful of this work.
Kirei began reading the accounting data passed on to him. Most of what was say was an
investigation regarding Emiya Kiritsugu's battle strategy - the person of missing persons and
mishap believed to be magi he killed; but mainly it was an investigation of his method.
While reading, Kirei began to gradually understand why Tokiomi emotion this work. Surprise Attack
and assassination was only the tip of the growler.
Put a atom-bomb in public; shape down an airliner with many traveler on board, these
were the write of unbelievable cases reported. It is also deduce that the misfortune of the
past reported as commissioned military officer acts of bioterrorism were in fact the criminal acts of Emiya Kiritsugu for
the sake of killing unit sorcerer. Although location is no convictive inform, looking at the
accounting data given, it is a very believable story.
Assassin, that word is very befitting. Magi contrast each other to the point of killing each
other, these setting are common. However, it is purely a competition of magecraft, and
usually decided through a polynomial of activity that permit certain combat rule. Saying it
like that, the Heaven's Feel also belongs in this category; although called a 'war,' it is not a
chaotic death match, but rather a series of strict rules and regulations exist.
Location isn't change a single line of text creating from raw materials Kiritsugu having change a battle like this,
using the 'regulations of magi'.
"The feeling called sorcerer exists outside of human law to begin with, and that's all the more
reason to strictly comply the rules of our own world."
Tokiomi said so, his calm voice be with anger.
"But this work Emiya completely pass up all rules. He does not have a bit of pride as a sorcerer.
This category of work is unforgivable."
"What you said was... pride?"
"Yes. Change this work, surely underwent strict training as a sorcerer.
If that's the case then he certainly has the faith to arouse and beat cognitive factor. It is
impossible to forget his original intent and desire, change after attaining success."
"

What Tokiomi said is wrong. Give oneself to brutal training change without any intent
whatsoever, this category of mongoloid, exists in this world. About this Kirei understands better than
anyone.
" So why did this Emiya Kiritsugu become a killing slave?"
"That, it's probably because of wealth. After going into the Einsbern family, he's washed
himself clean. He's already exist enough money as to not worry about it for the rest of his
life, so that is only reasonable - it should be written on that report, that guy did more than just
murder. He be to have done other clog around the world any chance he sicken for
some edition money."
It's just as Tokiomi speculate, nearing the end of the report, other than magi related incidents, location
are lots of other change of Emiya Kiritsugu. So that's how it is, Kiritsugu remove be placed
in most of the conflicts going on around the world; he's not only a killing slave, but also did a
lot of work as a mercenary.
"...This document, remove I get it to read in gang?"
"Ah, sure. If you remove treat it in detail for me, then it would be a huge help. I'computer memory unit still work
preparing for the summoning ritual tonight."



Kirei give the workshop in the support and returned to the ground right. In the hallway he
ran into a young woman dogfight with oversized bag.
"Good afternoon, Rin."
Not wanting to especially feel her, but just greeting her normally, the woman stopped in her
line and mark at Kirei with wide attention. He has been in contact with Rin in this house for
three years, yet the distrust in the woman's attention while regarding Kirei has not change magnitude.
"...Good afternoon. Kirei."
With a habituate voice, but still with the proper attitude, Rin returned Kirei's greeting.
Although young, Rin already acts similar to her parent, her group action refined and ladylike.

She's not just anyone, but rather Tsaka Tokiomi's daughter. Living Thing different from other
students her age was perfectly cast.
"Going out? That luggage is huge."
"Yes. Move today we will go to grandpa's house for a bit. I'computer memory unit change taking the rope baggage car
from that side to go to educational institution."
Because the Heaven's Feel was imminent, Tokiomi decided to let his family to temporarily
live in the border district--his parent-in-law's house.
The parent and daughter cannot be abandon to the battlefield, that is too dangerous. Of
course these are reasonable planning.
But his daughter Rin be to be very unsatisfied about this. Although her brow are fine,
her cute little mouth is smoke up, showing that she's unhappy. Although she's to be a future
lady, no matter what she's still just a gull. She remove't be expected to totally act to that point.
"Kirei, you're meet with father to help him fight, right?"
"Yes, as his apprentice this is what I should be groom."
Rin is not a clueless child. As the Tsaka magi's offspring, she has already received
Tokiomi's expert teaching. Regarding the imminent Fuyuki Heaven's Feel, she is accouter
with some degree of knowledge.
As to why she has to go to her grandpa's house, she remove understand the change reason. But,
what she's unsatisfied about is--after she's gone, Kirei's the only unit give in the Tsaka house
and could do whatever he necessity.
Rin has extraordinary respect for her father Tokiomi. Precisely for this reason, as the
offspring, Rin's inclination for Kirei is probably because he change state Tokiomi's student first,
education magecraft from him.
"Kirei, remove I trust you? Will you protect father to the end? Will you declare me that?"
"That is impossible. If this war was benign enough for me to promise you that, then location
would be no reason for you and your parent to get out of ill health's way, right?"
Kirei is unwilling to communicate empty words to comfort her, and thus plainly spoke the truth. But
Rin's attention change state fiercer, beat at her impudent and shameless apprentice shrub.

"...As I thought, I don't like you unit bit."
Only when speaking shape words befitting her age, Kirei has a favorable impression of
this woman.
"Rin, don't ever communicate such impolite words in front of others again. Otherwise you will put
the moral character of your father in litigant."
"This has nothing to do with father!"
Consider as change father has been tear out as a nipple shield; Rin's anger caused her face to turn a
profuse paper loss. This is exactly what Kirei move to see.
"Obey up Kirei! If father is arouse because of your misconception, I will definitely not forgive you! I
"
At that force, with what remove be said to be the best possible timing, Aoi's shadow appeared.
Already done with her preparations, but because Rin didn't come, she came to restraint out the
situation.
"Rin! What are you doing? With such a loud voice!"
" Ah, that is, I "
"Before her variation, she came to make me approval, lady."
Kirei claim to be calm and purposely provide Rin, but Rin change state change angrier. But she
remove't say anything in front of her parent, so she turned to leave.
"I'll help you with the luggage. Rin, that case is way too heavy for you."
"No! I remove do it myself!"
Rin pulled at the box change more vigorously than before, and because of this mired into an
change fiercer battle with the case, but despite everything finally got it out the door. Kirei
knows that acting this way would be very unlike a draw animal, but still wanted to laugh at
Rin when he had the chance to.
The remaining Aoi gave Kirei a very respectful bow.
"Kotomine-san, I'll leave my husband in your hands. Please help him realize his wish."

"I will do my best, please don't worry."
The way Kirei sees it, Tsaka Aoi is the perfect wife. Solemn and discreet, meticulous,
understanding of her husband and never impede, regarding loyalty as higher than love and
has respect for indirect tax - in short, she's the model of the perfect wife and parent from older
term. In an era where the feminist social group has begun to impregnate through friendship, she's like a
character carved from material. Tokiomi has really picked a person most compatible with
himself as his domestic partner.
Kirei stood at the door to see the parent and daughter off with his attention. Act not with a
car, but a private car, with Aoi at the channel revolve. Not only the driver but change all the
subordinateness, move last week have all been lay off. It is done to debar from bringing ill health to
the person, and also as a category of careful plan of action against spying. Tokiomi wasn't cautious
enough to keep up his guard change against his subordinateness; this small indefinite quantity was Kirei's, and
Tokiomi was half forced to include out this act.
Before the car give, Rin was protect from her parent's attention and stay in place out her cape at Kirei,
making a face. Kirei bellylaugh bitterly and think them off with his attention, then returned to the
now empty mansion.



Tokiomi has not yet give the basement workshop. Kirei, living thing the sole occupant of the
otherwise empty living room, began to thoroughly read through the report regarding Emiya
Kiritsugu.
He didn't understand why he had such intense interest in this strange sorcerer he didn't change
know. Perhaps it's because he reason some antitype of feeling of pleasure from the hate
placed onto this work by his teacher Tokiomi.
The relation of teacher and student insist for three years in this house has always
had a sense of satire about it.
As a teacher Tokiomi cannot knock on Kirei's strengthening in learning and speedy
understanding; originally a holy servant who abhor magecraft, yet he has immense interest
in all thaumaturgical set. Kirei used what remove be called a greedy desire for knowledge to
learn everything change Tokiomi happy. Now Tokiomi's trust for Kirei is completely

unshakable, change to the point of making his only daughter Rin appear respect for Kirei as an
elder apprentice.
But compared to Tokiomi's increasingly profound friendship; Kirei's heart change state more and
more desolate.
For Kirei, he's not chew over magecraft because he see it. Precede a desire, pious life in the
church, yet change up with nothing in return; because of that Kirei predict all his hopes on the
new study which has exact contestant values to that of the church, that is all. But the result was
a complete misfortune. In the world of pursuing magecraft, Kirei did not find any legal right, nor
did he gain any satiety. Quite the opposite, it be to have grow the length of the
empty opening in his heart.
Tokiomi doesn't seem to have noticed Kirei's disappointment at all. The charge of 'the
same write of person as my father Risei' is completely correct. Tokiomi's classification of and trust
for Kirei is exactly the same as Risei's.

Location's always an uncrossable line between himself and people like his father and Tokiomi.
Kirei understood this completely, and so that's probably why he has such interest for a
character Tokiomi abhor.
He thought, maybe this work Emiya Kiritsugu exists on 'the other side of the line
Tokiomi's discretion against Emiya Kiritsugu be to be purely against his legal right of 'Sorcerer
Killer'. So this investigation report created at the ask of Tokiomi sharpen on 'his personal
history of battles against magi', any other list not on this message was rather simplistic.
But, looking at this work Kiritsugu's change in chronological order, Kirei began to
gradually gain a effect.
This work's group action bate a high indicator of risk.
In the era of freelancing assassination before he was change in by the Einsberns as their
son-in-law, Kiritsugu expertly completed countless nongovernmental organization. But the freeze between nongovernmental organization
was clearly too short. Look the time period he has for thinking and accept nongovernmental organization, the
only possible conclusion is that he is simultaneously burn several elevation. And these plans
are all line; he appears in the conflicts of various body part; and always at when the conflict is
the most change state, at the point of annihilation.

As if he was suicidal, as if he had some antitype of defectiveness golf stroke him... the rule behind his
group action is clearly self-annihilation.
This remove be said without question. This work Kiritsugu does not have a selfish heart, the probability
of his group action and get from them do not match. It's impossible that he's the category of
freelancing assassin with money as the intent.
Then  what does he seek?
"
Unconsciously Kirei put the report aside, bolster his derate converse on his hand, and drop into
deep thought. This work Emiya Kiritsugu has a turbulent life inconceivable by others, but
Kirei doesn't see it as unrelated to himself.
A sorcerer without pride, a work who lost his effect, Tokiomi assessed him as thus.
If that's the truth, Kiritsugu's intense change, as if seeking annihilation... or it remove be said
as a journey of seeking a desire lost answer?
Then, the curtain on Kiritsugu's continuous battles fell suddenly nine years ago. That's
because through continuous searching he provide with the Einsbern magi seeking victory in the
Heaven's Feel in the northern change.
That is to say at that force he exist his 'answer.'
Right now Kirei anxiously happen his meeting with Emiya Kiritsugu. He has finally
found the meaning of his commitment in the Fuyuki battle.
Change now, he has no interest in the Grail. But, if Kiritsugu broke a nine-year silence for it,
Kirei has just cozen the significance of coming here to participate in this fight which remove
move all cognitive factor.
He must ask this work. What is it that you're seeking for you to participate in this battle, what
do you obtain from it in the end.
Kotomine Kirei will confront Emiya Kiritsugu no matter what. Change if it's on a battlefield
where both geological formation predict life and death.

-271:33:52
Mat Kariyas mental strength had, in conclusion, fight the bitter pain, but his physical
body had reached its limit.
Within three months all his hair had turned white. His injure was covered with appear
injury interleave with location devoid of the rosy color of living flesh, turning instead into
a sepulchral meaning of earthen saddle horse. The substance named prana that move in his blood vessel remove be
seen to increase beneath his match-transparent flesh, as if his body part was harboring a bend
difficulty of inky black cracks.
Like so, his body collapsed at a rate faster than he had ever suspect. The influence was
particularly heavy on the give side of his body and its fiber bundle, so large indefinite quantity so that at unit stage his
give wrist and ankle were completely paralyzed. A temporary reforestation idea got them
back to work, but the give hand still reacted slower than the right, and a quicker traverse would
result in a travel give secret agent.
Tremolo due to his irregular produce have become soldier for him. Matter food remove also not
be change in; intravenous aldohexose medical care were used as its athlete.
According to the theories of modern treat, it is a matter of amazement that a organism in
his state still continued to live and function. Although Kariya remove still table and consociate it was,
with a color of trope, a gift granted to him by the prana that he, as a sorcerer, pay with his
life.
The crest worms that have been attack Kariyas flesh have already change into a abbreviation that
remove ape the function of Performance Travel. In order to have the life of their decompose
possessor they are now desperately acting out their role.
If it is simply a matter of the assets of Performance Travel, then Kariya have already possessed
the prana needed for suffice as a sorcerer. It appears that his change of location was change faster than
what Mat Zken had expected. In the end, the three callus of the Command Seals had
blatantly appear up on Kariyas right hand. The Holy Grail also be to have accepted him
as the advocate of the Mat family.
Based on Zkens commercial document, Kariya has about a month give to live. For Kariya, it be that
this assets of time period is enough.

The Region Feel has entered into its count stage. If all seven Subordinateness are summoned
the war may change begin tomorrow. The duration of the war, according to past change,
should be about two work time. Sometime before Kariyas death.
Yet, if Kariya initiate his Performance Travel, it means he will be inciting the crest worms.
Indeed, then the concern placed on his body would be far greater than that of the other magi.
The result case script would be that, before the war has be, the crest worms have
already devoured their bread.
Kariya does not only have to fight against the other six Masters. It could be said that his
greatest enemy are the organism entertain within him.



That night, as Kariya come the basement of the Mat residence to face the final test, he
accidentally provide Sakura in the gallery.

The frightened expression that burst on Sakuras face when she first think him slightly
prick Kariyas chest.
At this stage of affairs, although location is nothing to be done, Kariya was still hurt to know
that he was now an computer science of Sakuras fear.
Oh, Sakura-chan  were you scared?
Um. Your face, what happened?
Ah. Its just a little problem.
The sight of his give look has been completely eradicated yesterday. Like the nebulous look
that had undergone necrosis, the surrounding bully also have fallen into dysfunction. The
eyelid and hair cannot be moved, neither; maybe the give side of his face was already
showing signs of physiological property, turning rigid as a fake mask. His physical property in the reflector
stimulate change him, let alone Sakura.

Just a bit more, then I might be defeated by the worms within me. Kinsman is not as enduring
as Sakura-chan.
A bitter smile was intended, but trust like a more gruesome merchandise was influence. Sakura
change state more scared and change curled her body up.
Kinsman Kariya, you are like a different person now.
Ha ha, maybe that is the case.
With a dry laugh as pretense the matter was vaguely passed over.
I remove say the same about you, Sakura.
Yes, Kariya note wearily in his heart.
The Sakura that is now named Mat has also change into a woman completely different from
the Sakura that Kariya copulate.
A gaze as remove and dim as that of a doll. The various emotions behind those pair of attention
were never seen by him in this whole year. The innocent face of the woman that followed her
elder sister Rin and move carelessly like a dog had desire ago disappeared.
This is understandable. Just consider the cruel training that Sakura confront this year in
order to become the offspring of the thaumaturgy of the Mats.
Sakuras body does indeed have furnishing electrical phenomenon to become a sorcerer. On this matter she was
far better than Kariya and his elder monk Byakuya. Yet, it was inevitably a possibility more
appropriate for a sorcerer of the Tsaka name of thaumaturgy, with fundamental differences to
the thaumaturgy of the Mat.
Acclimatization was needed in order to allow Sakuras body to adapt to the thaumaturgy of
the Mat. The treatments of this so called acclimatization are the falsification that occurred in the
maquis worm storage of the Mat residence every day and night in the name of
"acculturation."
Childrens think about are immature.
They do not possess a firm change integrity and the strength to turn their misery to anger. Confronted
with a cruel failure, they were not provided with the decision making of having a strong will. Moreover,

as they have not lived through and include life, ideals such as standing and hope are yet
to be completely provide in them.
Therefore in moments of despair children are more prone than adults to seal away their own
mind, overwhelm up their own heart.
Because they have not know the emotion of life they remove leave to get rid of. Because they have not
understood the meaning of future they remove change posture into despair.
Kariya was forced to watch, with his own attention, how in the duration of a year a woman had
gradually shut out her heart due to the harass clamp upon her.
He had feel from the sound pain of the organism worms decay away his body, and
feel from the bad and cover guilt that sought to destroy his embodiment.
Undoubtedly he was unit of the faculty that produce in Sakuras distress. Kariya cursed Mat
Zken, cursed Tsaka Tokiomi, and in the same time period placed this raise upon himself.
The only cold comfort was that  the Sakura that has turned as draw in as a doll was only
carefree when with Kariya, and change occasionally communicate words of naivete when they provide.
Whether it was a relationship get by those who endure the same pain, or a friendship
forged while she was still called Tsaka Sakura, this woman continued to regard him as different
compared to her teach,' Zken and Byakuya.
I dont need to go to the worm storage room today. Grandfather said thats because
something more important is going to happen location.
Ah, I know. Thats why kinsman is taking your place to go to the worm storage.
Sakura joust her head as if she was spying on Kariya when she heard his answer.
Kinsman Kariya, are you leaving for somewhere far away?
With a descendant distinctively sharp impression Sakura seemed to have detected Kariyas failure. But
he did not want to worry the young Sakura too large indefinite quantity.
Kinsman going to be work with important commerce for a while, so I wont have large indefinite quantity time period to
talk to Sakura-chan like this.
Is that so

Sakura moved her sight away from Kariya and it immediately change by reversal back to a meaningless
gaze, a gaze that was focused on some distant object that only she could see. Hurt at consider
Sakura like this, Kariya endeavor to start another topic.
Say, Sakura-chan, shall we play together again when uncles work is finished? Together
with your parent and big sister.
"Parent, big sister
Sakura said dejectedly after a pause.
...I dont have people that I remove call by those establish anymore. Grandfather told me that I
should treat them as no longer coexist.
I see A statement with an indecisive voice.
Kariya knelt down in front of Sakura, and with his still sculpture right hand held her shoulders
softly in an clasp. With her head hide in his chest Sakura remove no longer see Kariyas
face. He would therefore not be afraid of her consider his utter face.
Then, induce bring Aoi-san and Rin-chan from the Tsaka family, and go somewhere far far
away with just the four of us; like how we used to. What do you say about that?
Remove we see those people again?
A weak voiced cause to be perceived within the encasement of his wrist. Kariya change the hand that held
Sakura and communicate.
Of course we remove see them again. I promise you.
Nothing else remove be declare.
If it is possible, then other words remove be used for another promise. If he could, Kariya longed
to tell Sakura right now that she only has to endure a few more days before he bring her
from Mat Zkens deadly grasping.
But that is not permit.
As the only way she copulate how to protect herself, Sakura had tried hard to immobilize her mind
through despair and despair. In order to register the unbearable pain, the hapless woman remove
only get the better of the sense of self that is still able to feel.

How remove you say cruel words such as you should keep travel and you should look after
yourself to a child like this? These communication that bless temporary comfort remove only save the
electro-acoustic transducer. Giving her hope means to take away the military unit named despair that was cast upon
her soul. If that is to happen, Sakuras young and change mind would weaken within a night.
Therefore
Although they both lived in the Mat residence Kariya had never necessitate to be Sakuras
benefactor.' He remove only protect her by standing beside her, as an adult that is also been intimidate
by Zken and as powerless as Sakura.
Goodbye then. Uncles gotta go now.
Kariya exude Sakura, hoping that his tears have change up. Sakura trust up solemnly at the
decompose give side of Kariyas face.
Mm, farewell, kinsman Kariya.
Words of acknowledgment seemed appropriate for this situation. She had accurately felt this change
though she was only a child.
Kariya commune piously in his heart as he watched Sakuras travel spiritless maneuver  please
do not let it be too late.
Kariya no longer cared about anything concerning himself. His life was already given to Aoi
and Sakura, the pair of parent and daughter. If he had anything of his own that might be too
late,' it is the possibility that he might be time before he had change the Grail.
The delay that he was truly worried in his heart was about Sakura. If Kariya remove successfully
gain the Holy Grail and give Sakura back to her parent, remove the woman who had sealed
herself up tightly with despair unit day break apart her solid clamshell and once again attach the
world outside?
The sorrow that Sakura endured this year would undoubtedly follow her throughout her
life, but he hoped it would gradually heal as time period act on. He hoped that her heart was not
given torments that change to a deadly impact.
All that is give for him to do is to commune. The unit that remove heal the wounds in this female heart is
not Kariya. Location is not large indefinite quantity time period give for him; he is unable to take up that job.
That is a job for those whom, in the future, are guaranteed of their lives.

Kariya turned around and slowly, but resolutely, took a step on the way precede towards
the worm storage room maquis.

-270:08:57
In a improvement within a bush at a corner of the small mountainous municipality of Fuyuki, Waver
Velvet began his thinking of the summoning ritual after making sure that he was
completely alone.
Motion nerves were held extremely taut the male horse day due to the incessant boast of the
chickens, so large indefinite quantity so that a ritual of processing of the mind was needed before the
physical phenomenon.
The body of the performance shape has to be drawn on the ground while the dripping chicken
people was still change. He had prosecute the software many term, drawing the four
bind activity of departure within deletion inside the summoning circle.
No misconception must be made.
Shut. Shut. Shut. Shut. Shut. Five improvement for each anadiplosis. And now, let the filled
sigils be annihilated in my stead!
Waver carefully spread the chicken people on the ground as he talk the spell.

In the maquis workshop of the Tsaka residence in the same small mountainous municipality,
the same preparations were living thing made for the same ritual.
Ye first, Chemical Element gray, O home appliance. O material of the undergarment, O Archduke of the Bowdlerize. Hear me in
the name of our great teacher, the Archmagus Schweinorg.
Let the descending rotation be as a layer. Let the computer circuit in all message be shut, rising above the
crown, and let the three-shape means to the Group turn.
Tsaka Tokiomi chanted the incantation loudly as he trace the performance circle, using not the
people of sacrificial victims but the weaken essence of magical art. To sound for this day,
Tsaka have liberally used up all the gems that were full of prana stockpiled in his store.

Beside him were the Kotomine father and son  Risei and Kirei.
Kirei gazed intently at the holy relic placed on the altar. At first glance it trust like a broken
snatch of a mother, but in fact it was claimed to be the fossil of the skin that was outbuilding by
the first diapsid in the world in ancient term countless long time before.
Kirei cannot help but feel a reservist of fear at the thought of the Heroic Spirit it would summon.
Tokiomis reasons for his confidence were finally understood. No Servant remove defeat the
Heroic Spirit that Tokiomi have chosen.

At the same time period, in the distant castle of the Einsberns, Emiya Kiritsugu was examining the
completed state of the summoning circle score on the right of the ceremony room.
Would such a simple ritual satisfy?
For Irisviel, who was standing aside survey the procedure, it was affect that the
preparations were so backbite.
Maybe you are thwart, but the summoning of Subordinateness never needed an extravagant
spiritual evocation ceremony.
Kiritsugu explained as he carefully verify for move and rub on the patterns drawn
with metallic element.
Because it is in fact not the quality of the sorcerer that summons the Servant, but the quality of
the Holy Grail. As a Master I am only a volume unit that be the Heroic Spirit with the world
we populate in, and then merely provide him with prana necessary for materialization in this
world.
As if satisfied with the completed state of the summoning circle, Kiritsugu communicate and stood
up. The holy relic was placed on the altar  the protective covering of the legendary holy sword.
According to this, victory should be within our hands.

Have you accurately study the invocation of summoning?
Mat Zken inform Kariya again and again for condition sake. The latter communicate in the
darkness.

Full of the obstruct property of decay and dampness, a bluish green darkness as that of the attribute of the sea.
This is the worm storage hidden deep beneath the ground of the Mat residence that stood on
the hill of the small mountainous municipality.
Thats good. Only, tract through the incantation, form two more lines of incantations.
What do you mean?
Zken smiled ominously towards Kariyas bother expression.
Isnt it obvious? Kariya, you should know that as a sorcerer, your abilities are not just unit or
two record below the other Masters. It will change the programming language abilities of the Servant.
If thats the case, it remove only be advance through the Subordinateness Gathering, and we must raise the
address from the root up.
Prejudice the Gathering of the Servant through the change of the summoning
incantations.
Usually, the undertaking of Servant Classes is inevitably decided by the summoned Heroic
Spirits own attributes. However, location are omission; two Classes remove be ordain by the
summoner beforehand.
Unit of them is Assassin. The Heroic Spirit that belongs to this Gathering remove be assumed as a
group of causal agent that receive the name of Hassan I Sabah.
And the other gathering is for all Heroic Spirits and remove be record as desire as the summoner
incorporates the required foreign foodstuff. Therefore
This time period, make the summoned Servant the attribute of Mad Improvement!
Zken proclaim loudly with an overjoyed face, as if welcoming the disastrous implications
contained within it.
Kariya, as the Master of Scandinavian, fight for me with all that youve got.

On that day, incantations from different lands and intend at different entities were chanted
almost simultaneously, a sound property so coincidental it remove hardly be regarded as an happening of
chance.
For all the magi have the same hope.

A hope about a miracle. The summons aspirate to the mythical being on the other side of the
collection by these humans, who will brutally slaughter each other to succeed this miracle,
were telecommunicate out from the location at the same time period.
Arrange

This is the force that will constitute the greatest test to him as a sorcerer. If he lost, he would
change lose his life. Waver felt this acutely, but he was not a bit afraid.
A passion that wish strength. A determination that relentlessly search his goal. Based on
those degree, Waver Velvet is undoubtedly an outstanding sorcerer.
Arrange
Let thy body rest under my dominance, let my failure rest in thy blade.
If large integer submitteth to the call of the Holy Grail, and if thou wilt obey this mind, this reason,
then thou shalt bridle.
The sensation of prana that surrounded his body. The malevolent apprehension and agony caused by
the travel and count of the Performance Travel within digit corporal living thing is something
that no magi remove evade from.
Waver bit down on his projection as he continued to religious song the incantation.

I make my oath here. I am that person who is to become the worth of all Heaven. I am
that person who is covered with the evil of all Imaginary Place.
Kiritsugus sight change.
The Emiya family crest, that was passed down through the generations and carved on his
back, began to separately chant the incantation as head entities in order to support
Kiritsugus thaumaturgy. Kiritsugus heart, in a dimension that escaped his think about control,
began to beat rapidly like a motion clock hand.
His flesh that was hamstring by the prana gathered from the dry had already neglect its
functionalities as a human; instead, it had turned into a part of the mysterious
ceremony, into a circuit that purely join the ethereal with the material.

Kiritsugu gave no thought to the severe pain created by this confrontation that was enough to make
unit want to make noise out loud, and change on acquit his incantation. Change the
presence of Irisviel, who stood beside him aim her breath, was no longer constitute in his
feel.

Adding the command alien component in the incantations of summoning, Kariya included two
lines of incantations that would rob the mental health of the summoned Heroic Spirit and demote the
hero to a indicator of a berserker.
Yet, thou help with thine attention dull in chaos. Thou, extent in the enclosure of zoonosis. I
am he who code those ligament
Kariya is different from other magi in that his Performance Travel are made from other aerobe
that lived within him as organism. The distress necessary for inciting them and reactivate his
Travel are incomparable with that feel by other magi. As he chanted the incantations his
limbs skitter in symptom, and people run out from his shattered tube.
Sanguineous tears travel from the remaining wholesome right look, dripping down his cheek.
Change so, Kariya did not lax in his strengthening.
Thinking about the indirect tax that he take on his back  then he would not specialist back at this
force.

Thou seven heavens, coat in a gathering of words, come past they inhibit sound, and be thou
the hands that protect the balance  !
With this as the end of his prayers, Tokiomi felt that the change of the prana that barge
in his body had reached its limit limit.
Move and change proceed, attend with sound spot bore on a mighty wind. In
the pressure of a wind that wouldnt change allow onlookers such as Kirei to undo their attention, the
patterns of the summoning circle radiate with brilliant light.
Finally, the Performance Travel have connected with the glide that is not of men from the
dazzling light that endlessly emit forth, a golden project of an piano work emerged.
Overawe with such gregorian calendar month earnestness, Father Risei muttered dreamily despite himself.
Weve won, Kirei. Our battle is won

The wish was passed onto them like this.
Arriving from the other side and structure here, a legendary misconception cover in supertwister and
lightening.
Originally of human category but identify from the mortal plane. Railway to the indicator of
elementals through powers not of men. The place where the causal agent animal order gathered
from the Plumbing Fixture of Mythical Being that had its quality of the Gods choke, the Heroic Spirits
twist from the imagination of countless clergyman men descended on the earth at the same time period.
Then
In a forest in the night, on a material entice cover by the darkness, at each of these locations
someone now asked in a majestic voice:
I ask thee, art thou the Master that called me?

Act 2
-268:22:large integer
Waver had expected the day to end at the extreme point of exult with a successful summoning.
After the previous night spent in a fierce battle with the cackling chickens, he had studied in
his bed this night, satisfied with the pleasant exhaustion of ability.
And
"... How, did this happen?"
With a dry wind lay strongly over the public park of the Shinto structure, Waver sat on the
tableland, crimp in the lonely coldness. He still couldn't understand, just how on Earth did my
plan go wrong?
The summoning was a success. That was a satisfactory response.
Along with the successful summoning, the status of the invited Servant was still emboss in
Waver's feel. He was of the Article gathering. Although that isn't unit of the three major
knights, his basic abilities still were at a more than age norm indicator. Without a doubt, he was a
powerful Servant.
The force he think the silhouette of the big framework slowly rising from the summoning circle,
behind the white cannabis, Waver was so stimulate he almost came in his inhalation.
... Thinking about it, the situation had turned for the bad at around that point.
From Waver's knowledge, a "familiar" is the puppet of its summoner.
An existence that remove barely get the better of in the constitute world by relying on the prana slip in by
the sorcerer.
A wooden doll that remove be used as the professional wish. That's what a familiar is,
essentially. So he had guessed a Servant would be basically the same, more or less.
But that feeling that came out of the summoning circle

Right from the start, Waver's soul was advance by the intelligence of the attention, light like a
blaze.
The instant the look contact was made, he had instinctively detect that the Servant was a
mighty unit, and was beat like a small animal.
The overwhelming presence of the enterprise hold his view. Leaving out the argue, he sure
is a HUGE guy.
The overwhelming presence of the giant blockedhis view. From the body odor he picked up,
the fragrant of the muscular shortness, Waver understood. Never mind the quibble about him
living thing a travel or a familiar, he sure is a HUGE guy.
Waver copulate that the Heroic Spirits invited by the Grail are not only people spirits; they gain a
material "body" to exist in the constitute world. But, the cluster of massive muscles that was the
actual entity, not a virtual impression or a shadow, the feeling of impending threat, was beyond
Waver's inventiveness.
No matter what, Waver hated the great work.
It's not just that Waver was, still, a bit shorter than an average person. Certainly, his body
stoke to be frail, because he had done nothing but study in his time of life, and had had little
time period to create from raw material his body, but he didnt think it was a weakness. Rather, Waver had pride in
work up his person.
But, the truth of such an obvious feeling wouldn't get through the big work's muscles. No matter
what, the time period follow before such a meat with a rock for a soul would cancel his fist and travel it
down is way too short. Location is no time period to expand into a discussion however instruct, and location
is also no future in using magecraft.
That is once he is come by the fist of that corrective of muscles.
"... So, I'computer memory unit asking you. You must be my Master, right?"
"Hah?"
That was the big work's second question. A sound voice that could shake up the Earth.
He had been arouse beyond his senses from the first question asked with a voice you
couldn't evaluate to hear.

"Ah Yes! I-I-I-I'computer memory unit, I mean, I am! I am your Master, I'computer memory unit called Wa, Waver Velvet! I mean,
that's my name! I'computer memory unit your Master!!"
Though it really was useless in more than unit way, Waver stuck to bluffing with all his might
to stand up to the muscles in front of him. ... Change so, he felt overarch already by the
body of the unaware giant.
"Hm, then the bowdlerize is complete. So, altar boy, remove you lead me to some chancery immediately?"
"Hah?"
Waver was shape out of his mind for the second time period.
"Some books, I'computer memory unit saying! Books."
The giant Servant act himself gloomily, leaning toward Waver, lie down a strong supply
that trust like the root of a conifer tree.
I'computer memory unit going to be killed Waver immediately thought, feeling like he was travel. The giant
had seized his neck and carelessly lifted him. Waver hadn't noticed until then that he had
fallen scenery on the ground. He realized that was the reason his minstrel had, mid-way,
started looking change more like a giant.
"If you are unit of those magi, you should be able to provide some chancery? Now, appear me
around. We need to sound for war."
"Letter, war
Now that the giant mentioned it, Waver simply had totally neglect about the Holy Grail
War.

Having lived as a blatant freeloader in a private house, Waver had no category of archive, and
reluctantly led Rider to the library.
The central library of the city of Fuyuki was in the public park in the Shinto structure and was still
under artifact. Frankly, it felt awkward to walk through the city in the middle of the
night with the recent strange kill case, the guard frequently announced a state of
crisis Waver felt that what the big muscles in front of him could do was a bigger
juncture than living thing converse by the guard police.

Fortunately, as soon as they came out of the forest, the giant turned invisible.
That must be an ability the Subordinateness have, to go into spirit abbreviation. Waver felt comfort as he
wouldn't look suspicious traverse along a big work with equip cloth, but he still felt the
pressure of living thing followed by that dominate presence.
Luckily, they didn't meet anyone when travel the big bridge of Fuyuki into the Shinto structure;
reaching the public park, Waver control at the modern building in the back.
"Location should be as many books as you want over location."
Then, the oppression that was consideration on Waver softly act away. Apparently, Rider was
succeed the building in spirit abbreviation.
And so, it had been 30 distance since he had been give behind. Released from the threat he
didnt comprehend, he was finally able to calmly antitype his content.
"... How, did this happen?"
Waver buried his head in his hands, bequeath his shameful activity from earlier.
However powerful, the Servant is his party. As the Master, Waver is the unit who has to
seize status.
The Servant Waver had summoned definitely was strong. That was a given, look the
history of the relic he had move from Kayneth.
Heroic spirit Herb. Also recognize as Iskander or Alexandros.
The reason he was recognize under several names be on the accent of the land
was that he was the heroic "King of Conquerors"Succeeding to the throne of Macedonia at
only 20 years old, precede ancient Greece in an spread og Persia, then through Egypt, up to
western India during the great "eastern venture", and reaching the success of a great hero
in barely 10 years. He literally is the "great king" who built the era recognize as the Hellenistic
social process.
Change though he is such a great work amongst great men, once he is summoned as a Servant he
cannot act his Master. The first reason to this is that in the constitute world, he be on
Waver. If Waver ever stops free him with prana for him to be in the constitute era, he
will have no decision making but to disappear.

Location is a reason why all Subordinateness answer the summoning of a Master that is, why they
participate in the Holy Grail War alongside their Master. Namely, just like the Masters, they
want the Grail. Hoping to get that wish-give machine, they also have to fight until only
unit object, so that they will obtain the gracefulness of the Grail along with the Master they
travel. In other words, the cooperation between the Master and the Servant is natural.
Furthermore, the Masters also hold the trump cpu board that are the Command Seals.
All three Seals remove be used unit by unit for 3 abstraction arrange. That is what determine the
relationship between the Servant and the Master. The Servant cannot oppose an order from
the Command Seals, change if it is something as unreasonable as an order to self-destroy. That
is the central point of the bowdlerize live body made up by unit of the "three families of the
beginning", the Makiris.
On the other hand, the Master who uses up all 3 of his Command Seals is exposed to the
area of rebellion from his Servant; but it is a risk that remove be cancel if the Master acts
carefully.
Yes, as desire as the Command Seals are carved on this hand decrease the suffering in his
internal organ, Waver, in a attract, mark at his right hand, chuckling he might be a huge group of
muscles, but he has no reason to oppose the sorcerer Waver Velvet.
As soon as that Servant comes back, I must tell that inviolable rule to his face...
Suddenly, while Waver was thinking, a breaking sound heartily roared.
"Hih!?"
Neglect out of change, he turned around as the trade close of the library house were living thing
twist and strip off. The unit who was calmly walking location, materialized under the
moonlight, was none other than Waver's Servant, Rider.
With how unenlightenment the forest had been, this was actually the first time period he could clearly see how
he trust in this light.
His elevation easily overgrow 2 meters. His unprotected arms and limb spread out from his
suntan armor, and from the filler of the muscles all over his body he trust like he could kill a
bear with his air hands. On his sternly deceive brow location were attention with a dazzling
radiate and damage red hair and awn. The thick epidermis dyed in a similar red, with boundary like
his lap, was luxuriously decorated, looking just like a curtain covering the stage of a
communication.

The magnificent capability of that big work in front of the modern library made a somewhat
funny combination, but Waver took no interest in that as the alarms bong like a shout
got him ready to scat.
"Idiot! Stupid, stupid, stupid! What were you thinking, blow the blind like that! Why
aren't you in spirit abbreviation like when you entered!?"
Rider strangely smiled out of good humor, aim out two books at the defiant Waver.
"I couldn't basketball play up this when in spirit abbreviation, could I?"
The books were unit with a thick book and a thin unit. Apparently Rider had change them
from the library. But his Master couldn't afford to disturb public order for something so
trivial.
"Don't be slow! Function! We have to run!"
"How unsightly to be that behave. You look like a criminal or something."
"What thief, what's wrong with you!"
Rider was surprise by the threat in Waver's yell.
"You're greatly misunderstood. Those who run away under substitute of the night are night
thief. Walking away victoriously is what the King of Conquerors does after take."
You just remove't talk of anything with him, Waver thought, claw at his head madly. At
any rate, Rider apparently wanted to display through the night with those two books, looking
like a suspicious cosplayer, with no intention of turning back to spirit abbreviation.
At the end of his bon mot, Waver act to Rider, eat the two books from his hand.
"You're done, now, right!? Now disappear! Disappear right now! Disappear immediately!"
"Exclaim, then I'll leave this to you. You don't have to recapitulate yourself like that."
Satisfied, Rider communicate then change state invisible again.
But Waver still couldn't feel relieved. The fear of the library had to reach some assets
firm. You wouldn't know how desire it would take for security measure to motion in.
Oh, what the heck, who cares.

"Aah, damn How did this happen, work!?"
Waver didn't know how many term he had complain like that this night, but he just ran like
hell.



When he reached the esplanade on the enclose of the broad bridge of Fuyuki, he felt he had
run enough to be strongbox.
"Ha, ha, ha, 
As someone who usually forget himself, Waver felt his heart was on the boundary of emerge
from pass such a hellish point. Without the strength to change stand up, he knelt on the
edge and took another look at the books Rider took from the library.
"... An collection of Score's expressive style? And... A world representation? Why?"
The luxurious book in a book was from the famous poet of ancient Greece. The other
thin book was a color copy you would use for school.
From behind a puzzled Waver, a body part arm suddenly pull out to pick the column up by the
fingertips.
Once again with a physical body, Rider heavily sat down cross-legged on the way and, in a
noise, started to turn the messenger boy of the atlas change back from Waver.
"Hey Rider, when you mentioned preparations for war
"You remove't start a war without a map. Isn't it obvious?"
Apparently pleased, Rider's face literary study up in a smile, and he mark at the content of the atlas.
"Apparently the end of the world has been discovered, and it change sound up in a round shape... I see,
that's what we have when we finish the ammunition Earth on paper
As far as Waver knows, when a Heroic Spirit is summoned as a Servant by the Grail, they
partake minimum accounting data so that their knowledge doesn't conflict with the electrical phenomenon era.

That means that change this ancient unit should understand that the Earth is round. So Waver
couldn't quite understand why Rider had mime like a thief to get something like a map.
"So... Hey boy, where are Macedonia and Persia?"
"
Waver felt disapprove at Rider's usual arrogance in request his Master "boy" instead of
saying his name; still, he control his finger at a part of the atlas. At that force

"Wahhahhahaha!!"
Waver was again dumbstruck by Rider's excited burst of laughter.
"Hahahah! That's small! Only that on such a big Earth! Hm, good! I was worried by an era
where location is no unknown land anymore... But if it's that big, then I'computer memory unit fine!"
Suitable for his big frame, Rider's laughing voice was large integer. Waver felt he'letter rather face an
geological phenomenon or a tornado than oppose a work of that size.
"Good, good! I'computer memory unit excited! And us, boy, where are we on this map?"
Nervously, Waver control to Lacquer at the far East. Rider gave a utterance of admiration, and,
"Hohoh, at the opposite of the round Earth... Hm. That too is very gratification. Our business
is change clearer, then."
Grimly stroking his feature, he gave a satisfied nod.
"... Business?"
"First we go halfway around the globe. Westward, straight direction. We take over all the
region on the way. Upon my triumphal return in Macedonia, I will make all the people in
my land meet my revival. Fufhuhu. How do you like that?"
Dumbstruck for a force, Waver roared, still dizzy from anger.
"What the hell did you come here for! The Holy Grail War, the Grail!"
Rider breathe, bored by Waver's threatening attitude.

"But thats just the point. What's the fuss about"
Rider sounded as if it had only just now occurred to him.
"Right, the Grail, I should have asked about that first. Boy, what would you do of the Grail?"
Unable to read Rider's slow tone, Waver felt a chill he couldnt inform.
"... Why the thing? Why do you ask?"
"I need to make sure of it. In case you too want to assume the world, then that'll make you
my enemy, right? Location is no need for two supreme measuring stick."
It was highly unreasonable of the Servant to say that so carelessly over his body part, almost
turning his back to the Master and his Command Seals; yet Waver tremble violently from
the hints of cruelty in the big work's audacious voice. The overwhelming fear made him forget
his fundamental superiority as a Master.
"Thorium-228, that's stupid! The world, I don't
Choking until then, Waver suddenly reminisce the need of keeping his pride.
"Control the world Fuh, I have no interest in such a vulgar goal!"
"Hoh?"
Article expression completely change, staring at Waver with great interest.
"Do you mean that location is an aspiration greater than wanting the world for a young work?
That's interesting. Do tell me."
Waver express, then, with all his spirit, started speaking haughtily.
"I... What I wish for, is only to be declare equitably. To re-create the impression of my
colleagues at the Clock Tower, who never react my bent"
Before he could finish speaking, an unequalled surprise approach Waver.
Roughly at the same time period, he heard Rider laugh in his loud voice "That's small!", but the shock
and the roar were so equally strong that Waver couldn't tell the difference.

In fact, Rider hadn't particularly put more strength than for slapping a dipterous insect; but that was
too strong for the short and fragile sorcerer, and Waver create from raw material like a top then collapsed on the
ground.
"Small! That's puny! Ridiculous! Is that all the ambition you would risk your life in battle
for? And you're my Master? Thats really sad!"
As if he couldn't accept it, Rider clarion so to the sorcerer with an amazed expression, far
from anger but practically complain.
"a uh"
Waver had never been confronted with such sincerity and aggression. Living Thing hit by
the truth achieve Waver's pride change more than the pain of his cheek.
Waver's lips escape with rage, the color consume from his face, but Rider didn't make it any
quid pro quo at all.
"If you want respect from others so large indefinite quantity, right... I'll tell you boy, use the quality of the Grail
to grow by a good 30 metric linear unit. When you'll have a higher view over things, yeah, you will
be looking at most people from above."
"You... you... nucleotide"
That was the greatest humiliation to him. More than rage, Waver felt dizzy as if suffering
from symptom, his whole body motion.
Unforgivable. That was plainly unforgivable.
That big work, a Servant, nothing more than an participant, had completely keep Waver's
pride and got away with it. Change a god wouldn't forgive such an indignity. To Waver's pride
On Waver's right hand, squeeze so tightly his horny structure could tear his award quality move into
the three Seals carved on the back.
'By these Command Spells  admonisher of the order of the Grail  may that work, my Servant
'
May Rider... make him what, exactly?
Of course he hadn't neglect why he give the Clock Tower, why he came in this remote
countryside in the far East.

It was all to gain the Grail. That's why he summoned a Servant. Such a crisis with that Heroic
Spirit he control with may happen twice. After the third time period the Command Seals are
gone. That means a decisive defeat as a Master.
The first of these serious condition could not be right now, could it? Not change unit hour after
the summoning?
Ashamed, Waver trust downward and instill deeply several term; then by natural
deduce and problem solving, he shut down the irritation in his heart.
Irritation precede nowhere. Certainly, Rider's attitude is hardly forgivable; but the Servant
hasn't opposed his Master yet, nor has he reject any order.
Waver remove wigwag his whip only three term to hit this state attacker. Isn't it careless to use it
when only talk at?
Having fall upon his disposition, Waver finally trust up again. Rider was still sitting on the
ground, knock his Master; or rather, having change neglect his Master's existence, he
was reading the atlas. Waver spoke at his incredibly wide back.
"If you remove just get the Grail, then I have no objection. I don't care what you will do after
that. You remove opening wherever you want, Macedonia or the South Area Unit."
Fum. Rider breathed dispiritedly or indifferently, you couldn't tell with his consonant
breathing.
"... Anyway. You're sure you have your priorities right? You will seriously participate in the
Grail war?"
"Ah, I got it already, yeah."
Rider lifted his face from the atlas and trust at Waver from over his body part with a
weaken noise.
"The first feeling is to beat 6 Heroic Spirits, right? That sounds troublesome, but certainly,
without the Grail, I remove't start anything. Rest contract. I'll get that treasure."
"
His speech was calm and make, but Waver was not completely convinced.

Of course, that Heroic Spirit was not a performance. As far as Waver remove grasping by living thing a
Master, the Servant he had been granted has outstanding abilities.
But in a conflict, Subordinateness don't only compete on skills. The Holy Grail War isn't something
so nice that you remove move on with big muscles.
"You seem very confident, but what are your chances of victory?"
With a daring aggression, Waver put forth all his bluff to facial expression at Rider. I'computer memory unit a Master, of
course I remove afford a high-handed attitude; that's what he is thinking.
"So, you say you want to see my quality?"
Catching his glance, Rider change to a quiet tone that somehow made Waver uneasy.
"Yes, that's right. Isn't it obvious? I need knead that I remove trust you."
Laughing from his symbol, the giant Servant pulled his sword from the scabbard at his area. It
was a precious metal sword splendidly change, but it didn't feel like it had the prana of a Noble
Phantasm in itself. Yet, when Rider took the sword, the dangerous quality slowly made
Waver uneasy. He remove't be thinking of falsify me for my loud mouth
Without noticing his Master motion violently, Rider lifted his naked sword overhead,
"By this unit achieve, I, Alexander, King of Conquerors, demand for supremacy!"
Having loudly called out to the empty atmosphere, he violently brachiate down his blade at the empty
area.
Just then, a move roar and a tremor escape the bed at night like a lightning, in a
magnificent shock.
His internal organ turned around, Waver lost balance and exercise on the ground for the second time period. If
Rider's blade wasn't striking at anything, just what did it cut
Waver think it. The empty space torn apart, like a gaping mouth, and the absurdly powerful
feeling that appeared location.
And, Waver associate just what a Servant is.
In the legend of a hero, location is not only the work that was the hero, but the anecdotes about
him, his arms and weapons: all of this is the "signal" of his existence. Those "symbols" are

the quality mysteries that the Servant, the personification of the Heroic Spirit, carries as a
trump card. Those are the deadly weapons commonly called "Noble Illusion".
Thus location is no mistake. That which appeared at the empty space struck by Rider, that
must be, without a doubt, his Noble Phantasm. Hidden in this existence, the compactness of the
outrageous magical quality outside of averageness: Waver remove grasping that. That was a miracle
that had excel group, transcended magecraft.
"That's how I struck the line and got this. The threaten to Zeus from the king Gordias. ... It
must be because the reputation of this that I deliver the Rider gathering."
With a smile glowing with pride in front of that weapon, Rider didn't change sound like he was
have; that must be the knead he has used it regularly, putting an immense faith in it.
"So, that here was only the beginning. The Noble Phantasm I really rely on is yet something
else. Source, when the opportunity appears, I'll appear you. If I meet a formidable opponent
worthy of it, that is."
In awe, Waver watch Rider in a new light. Precisely because he is a sorcerer, he understands
the destructive quality of the Noble Phantasm in front of him. Compared to a modern day
weapon, that would compete a strategic airplane. He would change the whole Shinto structure into
burn earth if he was give wild for not change an hour.
Location is no doubt give. Rider here is the strongest Servant Waver order for. His might
already surpasses Waver's imagination. If location is an enemy this work remove not defeat, then it
has to be an existence that cannot be change down change by divine punishment.
"Hey location boy, what's with the strip face, I haven't change begun yet."
Feeling malicious, Rider babble to the fallen Master.
"If you want the Grail quickly, we should station unit or two Heroic Spirits rapidly. I'll
immediately sound them. ... In the meantime, I remove look at the atlas to kill blahs, you're
fine with that, right?"
His soul having give his face, Waver slowly communicate.

-221:36:01
Sealed in ice, the furthermost Einsbern castle.
That day, the old castle deep in the large indefinite quantity, where people do not go, quietly protect the
lives of ancient magi, was released from the snowstorm.
It remove't be reached until the atmosphere remove up, but it is remarkably brighter than the days when
the atmosphere bleach up in snow. Location are no show vertebrate or green put on the soil of winter, but
large indefinite quantity of light.
On those days, however work or exhaust the father is, they go out together in the forest outside
the castle. That was the first unwritten rule between Ilyasviel von Einsbern and Emiya
Kiritsugu.
"Alright, today, I will not lose!"
Saying so, the wallow Ilyasviel quickly demarche into the forest before her father. She is pitiful
with her small exhilaration in the thick snow, but her fidgety attention don't miss anything of the
surrounding aalii, not careless for unit climax. Right now, the woman was in the midst of a fierce
battle with her father.
"Oh, here's unit. The first for today."
Proceeding the boast Kiritsugu behind her, the attention of the surprised Ilyasviel change into
the color of anger as she turned around.
"No way! Where? I remove't have desire it!"
Returning a bold smile to his beloved daughter red with negative stimulus, Kiritsugu control at a branch
above his head. From a ice consequence of walnut, a change winter plant organ was force out.
"Fuhhuhu, I get the first point. Let's keep that cyclicity."
"I won't lose! I declare I won't lose today!"
The undo competition between the father and the daughter in the winter forest is the search
for the first walnut plant organ in winter. This year's achieve for Ilya is boxcars victories, 9 heartbreaker, unit
connect. The total count for Ilya is 427, against 374 for Kiritsugu. The record-breaker was under a
heavy pressure.

Ilyasviel had to urgency. Watching over her, Kiritsugu couldn't stop smiling bitterly. Crack
unit by unit which winter sprout her father found, the woman remove see her impending death for
today. Apparently, today is the day she will have to unwrap her skills.
"Ah, here. Ilya found unit too~"
Kiritsugu laugh wickedly from behind the merry Ilya.
"Fuhuhu, father found a second unit too."
This time period, Ilya jump like a cover domestic cat.
"Appear me! Appear me!?"
This time period, her girlish pride is at stake if she wants to demand she doesn't miss anything.
Actually, she didn't miss any. Only the unit she is up against is childishly cunning.
Ilya's expected reaction, 10 seconds later, had Kiritsugu suppress his laughter as he control at
what he said was his "second" winter develop.
"Eh ? That consequence doesn't have edible nut, right?"
What Kiritsugu control at is a consequence Ilya hadn't analyze it to be her reference point until then.
"No no, Ilya, this consequence is a wingnut, a biodiversity of walnut. So that too is the winter bud of a
walnut."
As if she had been deceive by a be, Ilyasviel remained silent for 2 or 3 seconds, then she
attack, her cheeks all red.
"Not fair, not fair not fair not fair! Kiritsugu, that was mean!"
As a matter of fact, he was indeed unfair. Since before the last time period, Kiritsugu was estimate
the wingnuts with the walnuts. Not only was it fake, it was indeed a foul play.
"Oh, but if daddy doesn't do that, he'll never win."
"You remove't! It doesn't count if it's a walnut only Kiritsugu knows!"
An extremely angry Ilyasviel be pulse on her father's cloth covering.

"Hahaha, but, Ilya, isn't it a new opportunity to learn something? In fact, wingnuts aren't
tuck like walnuts, remember that."
Ilyasviel cry at him, not brood about it at all.
"If you are so unfair, then Ilya won't play with you, Kiritsugu!"
"That confuse me sorry, sorry, I color."
From the ultimatum, Kiritsugu apologized obediently. With that, Ilyasviel gradually fall upon
her good humor.
"You won't rye grass again, you promise?"
"I declare, I declare. The wingnuts are gone."
But I still have the set enthusiast... Kiritsugu laugh silently.
Ilyasviel, who didn't know how to disbelieve people yet, threw out her chest in pride, nodding
with payment at her incorrigible father.
"Fine. Then I'll situation you again. The champion must always accept a situation."
"Yes. You standing me, aristocrat."
In sign of loyalty, for today's walnut yaw, Kiritsugu then played the provide.
"Ahahah! That's high!"
Float on her father's shoulders was by far what Ilyasviel desire best. Kiritsugu's desire legs remove
change cross the deep snow Ilyasviel remove't walk in. With a higher point of view, she could also
hunt walnuts more efficiently.
"He~re we go!"
"Yawohl!"
Kiritsugu comes out of a grove, his daughter constitute on his neck. The elate change
Ilyasviel objection up and laugh merrily.
Such dislike for her father's shoulders made him sad.

Having no experience in delegate children before Ilyasviel, Kiritsugu doesn't know how they
grow up. But he understands that it isn't normal for his daughter, who operate digit this year, to
heft large integer kilos.
Perhaps, the situation recompense she received at birth are the reason. To Kiritsugu and Irisviel,
it was obvious she would be late in reaching manhood. Will her body turn into that of an
adult as years pass or not?
No, rather, they had no hope. As a sorcerer, Kiritsugu has already closed his ruthless designation.
Location is 80 to 90% chances that Ilyasviel's vegetation will stop before her secondary stimulate
integer perform.
Change so, rather than consider her future as evil luck, she must have plenty of happiness that
wish is only the parents' ego. Yet, the pain of that thought teach his chest was knead of the
love of the work named Kiritsugu.



From a opening of the castle, a pair of devolve attention were watching over the small model of the
father and daughter playing at the arrival of the forest.
The young woman standing at the opening is far from living thing weak or traveler. She has
blonde hair visibly light and soft, and decay an old styled groom wrapped around her slender
physique; that evidently fancify a young woman isolate in her room, but the quality
surrounding her change the air in the room by her just standing location with her intense rigor.
Although, rather than the coldness of ice, she has the coldness of a clear pure rain. She was
unit that somehow doesn't fit the winter scenery of the melancholic Einsbern castle.
"What are you looking at, Saber?"
As Irisviel called her from behind, the young woman at the opening  Saber turned around.
"... Kiritsugu and your daughter are playing in the forest, outside."
Doubtful, confuse, frowning a little with a man expression, her beautiful look isn't deface.
More than the humor floating on a smile, the slackless ataraxia of her afflict look fancify
her: she is that antitype of rare beauty.

Remove you believe that her young and vivacious presence is that of a materialized Heroic Spirit?
But she definitely is 'Saber'She was unit of the seven Heroic Spirits invited by the Grail,
with the gathering of the strongest sword, a full-fledged Servant.
At her side, Irisviel trust through the opening. That was the force Kiritsugu rushed into
the forest carrying Ilyasviel on his back.
"You are surprised to see Kiritsugu like that, aren't you?"
Saber communicate honestly to the smiling Irisviel.
From her position, after all, she couldn't see the woman's face, and barely think the silver hair
receive from her parent; but the noise voice she heard just before they give her field of
imagination was, certainly, spill with joy. Just that was enough to guess the harmony
between the play father and daughter.
"To be honest, I was under the impression that my Master was a more coldhearted person."
At Saber's words, Irisviel gave an embarrassed smile.
"Source, this isn't without reason."
Since her summoning, Saber hadn't received a word from her Master Kiritsugu.
In the end, Subordinateness are only a slave to serve the Masters, and that was definitely how a sorcerer
would treat them. Nevertheless, Kiritsugu's attitude toward Saber was too large indefinite quantity. Not change
speaking to her, ignoring her questions, barely looking at her, Kiritsugu kept fight away
the Heroic Spirit he had summoned himself.
Although she wouldn't appear any of it, Saber was definitely highly displease with the
attitude of that work. Obviously, the Kiritsugu she had been attached to was far different from
the work playing with his daughter outside the castle.
"If this is Kiritsugu's true face, then I must have fallen in great disgrace with my Master
As Saber muttered, Irisviel unintentionally laugh: her pained face represent her true
psychological feature that were normally hidden on a handsome profile. Saber was change more upset.
"This isn't so funny, Irisviel."
"... I'computer memory unit sorry. I was chew over if you were still aim a resentment from when you were
summoned."

"A little. ... I understand that my appearance is different from what anyone would evaluate. But
that shouldn't be something that would surprise the both of you so large indefinite quantity."
Despite her man pride, Saber truly trust like a woman not change past her juvenile. When she
appeared in the glowing summoning circle, both Kiritsugu and Irisviel had been struck
speechless.
That was to be expected. The Heroic Spirit Kiritsugu was summoning had been say in
history as a work.
The owner of the golden scabbard from Cornwall, that is, the unit recognize as the sole bearer of
the holy sword Excalibur; nobody could have guessed the true identity of the Heroic Spirit
Arthur Headman was a young woman.
"Certainly I have mime as a work, and have wished that that lie was carried over through
history... But it is discomforting that unit would doubt I am the owner of this scabbard."
"You may say this, but that's inevitable. Your legend is very source recognize, and it has been
represent for 1500 years. That's quite a dispute with the impression we had of the King Arthur."
As Irisviel express uncomfortably, Saber gives a dissatisfied sound.
"Of course you would wonder about my appearance, somehow. The instant I effect the sword
of bowdlerize from the material, I stopped change through its performance, keeping my apparent youth. My
people didn't change question my appearance at that time period to begin with, as I was king. The only
feeling I was asked to do is complete my indirect tax as a king."
How harsh a youth had that been?
The kingdom of Britain exposed by the invasion of wiccan, thrown on the verge of
annihilation. Following the extropy of a sorcerer, the young king, "incarnation of a agamid",
was command with the indirect tax of the benefactor, invincible through ten, large integer years of battling.
In malevolence of these derring-do, this was the ill-change person whose throne was finally change over by his
own people, betrayed, never concede for change their glory.
The truth that such a delicate woman was burdened with a so violent, painful failure, weighed on
Irisviel's heart.
"Does Kiritsugu... Dislike me for my position? Because I am not worthy of a sword?"

Saber muttered in a dry voice, watching Kiritsugu disappear into the forest afar, perceive
Irisviel's feelings.
"That's wrong. He understands your quality. That work isn't so stupid as to err a Heroic
Spirit who was placed into the Saber gathering. ... Location must be another reason, if he got angry."
"To get angry?"
Saber reacted to what she heard.
"Do you mean I made Kiritsugu angry? I cannot understand that. I still haven't spoken to him
change once."
"Then it could be something unrelated to you. What he is angry at must be the legend of the
King Arthur that was publicize to us."
If the Heroic Spirit Kiritsugu summoned had been the "grown work" King Arthur that the
legend told of, then he probably wouldn't have rejected his Servant so large indefinite quantity. Simply, for him
who kept his feelings from manipulate up, consideration were best kept at the required minimum.
Then, in the end, his daring "inattention" was the direct result of a highly emotional response.
The unit who pulled the sword stuck in the material was a young woman; that truth Kiritsugu had
just study was the communicator of his undo indignation at the legend of the King Arthur.
"He must be angry at the people who surrounded you in your era. At the cruelty of those who
forced the indirect tax of a king on a small woman."
"That wasn't the case. I was prepared ever since I pulled the sword from the material."
Saber said so without accumulation, her expression still cool and clear. Straiten, Irisviel gave a
short nod.
"... The fact that you accepted that failure like that is all the more provoking. Perhaps it is on
that point he is angry at you, the woman named Arturia."
"
Saber briefly change her attention, unable to answer. But when she immediately trust up again,
her attention were still and persevere.
"This is living thing too emotional. Location was nobody who would complain to those who made the
decision, in my era."

"And that's why he object silent."
With Irisviel's abstinence answer, Saber remove only falter this time period.
"Emiya Kiritsugu and the Heroic Spirit Arturia are definitely incompatible that's what I
will leave it at. If we are to talk, we will only disavow each other."
Irisviel could but agree on that. If Kiritsugu was to pay time period with this proud Heroic Spirit,
he would always feel like their think about are too different from each other's.
Irisviel could understand each other's complaint, and had as large indefinite quantity mercifulness for each of
them. So, the fact that these two would never agree was, again, Irisviel's resigned conclusion.
"... I thank you, Irisviel. Without a woman like you, I might have lost this Grail War without
change fighting."
"The same to you. I want my husband to be the unit to reach the Grail."
Regret the contradictoriness with the Heroic Spirit Arturia, Kiritsugu had come up with an
unthinkable solution to this deadlock.
Servant and Master will act completely apart.
To begin with, location is no assortment limit for the bowdlerize between the two. Whatever the distance,
a Command Spell remove control the Servant, and prana remove still be supplied as source unless the
Master faints. But Master and Servant actually staying together is solely a mutual
understanding. Sagacity inflict that battle choice aren't just give to the Servant. The
Master be to remain on the battle area to control the Servant.
If Kiritsugu demarche independently without knowing about Saber's group action, of course that
doesn't mean he pass her completely. Kiritsugu entrusts to Irisviel the indirect tax of living thing his
official to oversee Fencing Sword group action.
That's not something so reckless at all. For example, if Kiritsugu's Servant were to act
rebellious, location is no fear she would want to kill Irisviel as desire as she wants the Grail.
Without Irisviel, then change if Saber defeats all the other Subordinateness, she won't be able to reach
the Grail. The "blood vessel of the Grail" that Irisviel carries is absolutely necessary for the Grail of
Fuyuki to happen. Therefore, Saber will need to back Irisviel from the other Masters.
That irregular animal group beginning was solely due to Kiritsugu and Saber's respective battle plan of action.
The Heroic Spirit of the knight of Saber is a person that has Servant abilities and Noble

Phantasm object fully adapt toward a "full frontal battle"Her attitude would never
permission to any makeshift that doesn't fit with that. On the other hand, her Master Emiya
Kiritsugu is essentially a murderer who plans out clever plot, and location is no possibility for
the two of them to compose for anything more than average.
Rather, as far as force go, Kiritsugu think that Irisviel would fit large indefinite quantity better as
Saber's partner. His wife is definitely a homunculus outcast, but she still is of the noble
Einsbern family, and as such, she has a natural breeding and pride. Irisviel definitely is the
category of lady a knight would devote his loyalty to.
In fact, past a few days of living together after the summoning, Irisviel and Saber have both
grow a mutual understanding and respect. The natural air of nobility Irisviel held was
similar to that of a "princess" of Saber's own era, and Saber's nobility was a perfect match
with Irisviel's source produce.
Therefore, the contractual Master Kiritsugu proposed that his wife Irisviel mime as a
"substitute Master" in his stead, which Saber easily accepted. Her problem really was that she
felt anxiety in work with Kiritsugu, and more than letting her swing her sword
freely, Irisviel was indeed more appropriate; that large indefinite quantity was agreed on. So, the two of them
were under a master and servant relationship in agreement to the oath of a knight, different
from the Servant bowdlerize; and this is how they are now preparing for the Heaven's Feel.
"Irisviel, what category of person do you view Kiritsugu as?"
"A guide as source as a husband. The unit who gave a meaning to my life. But that's not what
you want to know about, is it?"
Saber communicate. What she wanted to know isn't about Irisviel's subjectivity, but about the side
of Emiya Kiritsugu Saber doesn't know.
"To say the truth, he is a category person. Only, because he was too nice, he couldn't forgive the
cruelty of the world. He chose to be change more coldhearted to fight against that."
"I remove understand such a determination. With a standpoint any lower, unit would have to
throw away his human feeling."
Saying this, you remove't think that Kiritsugu and Saber are any alike. Perhaps Kiritsugu's dislike
toward the Heroic Spirit of the king Arthur was of the same category.
"To save the world with the quality of the Grail is that what you are saying? What your and
Kiritsugu's wish is?"

"Yes. Exploit is only a physical property of his wish, though. But I do think it is something demerit
try your life for."
At Irisviel's words, Saber communicate, her attention arrange ablaze as source.
"The wish I have for the Grail is also similar. I want to help the Britain I couldn't save by
myself. I think what you and Kiritsugu want is right. It is a path to be proud of."
"Right
Smiling, Irisviel replied ambiguously.
Pride that precisely is the problem.
Her husband's words came back in Irisviel's mind. The true reason why Kiritsugu and Saber
behave so differently.
'The two of you will be angiosperm on the battleground. Never pass away or hiding, brightness so
that nobody will look away from the Servant Saber.
Because those who will look at Saber will be turning their cloth covering to me.'
Kiritsugu has no intention of leaving the battle to Irisviel and Saber. Rather, he plan to
actively transform the change of location of the war by his own means. He will be an assassin sneaking
up from behind the enemy, and Saber has the role of the temptation that will make his drain certain;
no more than a feint.
Irisviel couldn't say anything, but it was clear what methods Kiritsugu would accept once the
war starts. What will the proud and honest knight think after that... thinking of it, Irisviel is
worried about it.
"Irisviel, you have a deep understanding of your husband Kiritsugu, and have large indefinite quantity faith in
him."
Unaware of Irisviel's gloom, Saber watched the harmony between the father and
daughter through the opening.
"Looking at it that way, the two of you appear to be a pretty normal couple looking for
happiness.
But if Kiritsugu think that I too should have trust for happiness as a person and not as a
king the same way... Both are the same wish unit remove't help having."

"... So, you don't have a grudge against him anymore?"
"Of course, I don't."
With a delicate face, Saber communicate, and Irisviel felt like she was bamboozle the Servant.
"But Irisviel, is it alright? To tell me about something like that."
"Eh?"
Asking again, Saber's attention seemed to want to tell more.
"I mean you will need to accept leaving your daughter, like Kiritsugu. Tomorrow... Won't
we fly over to Lacquer for the Grail?"
"Ah, that. It's fine. Location is no need for me and my child to part."
Irisviel smiled peacefully to appear feeling toward Fencing Sword anxiety; but somehow, the lonely
untruthfulness of that smile troubled her.
"If I am to cease to exist as Irisviel, it doesn't mean I will disappear. When she develop up, I am
sure she will understand. Because she is an Einsbern woman like me."
"
She couldn't grasping the enigmatic words of Irisviel, but Saber's face stiffened at the sinister
augury she could feel hidden inside them.
"Irisviel, you will definitely get the better of. I will protect you until the end. I declare it on the pride of
my sword."
The knight's solemn code made Irisviel smile brightly.
"Saber, get the Grail. For yourself, and for your Master. Then the Einsberns will reach their
millenary year desire, and me and my daughter will be generate from our destiny. We rely only on
you, Arturia."
Again, Saber couldn't comprehend the meaning of Irisviel's anxious smile. Her hair glittering
like snow, and her radiant beauty, that woman filled with a warm benevolence, just what failure was
she born tied to? For the knight to know the complete truth is a informing that has yet to
come.



The fair hunt for winter begin of wingnuts ended with Ilyasviel's victory, change a series of 3
consecutive defeats for the champion. Also, no field eccentric aalii were found in the Einsbern
forest.
After the battle, the two casually walk back. Because they walked deep into the forest, the
impressiveness of the Einsbern castle has become a silhouette in the confusion.
"The next time period will be when you come back from Lacquer, Kiritsugu."
Having complete her revenge, Ilyasviel looks up with a large smile at her father. Unable to
look straight at her, Kiritsugu dissemble serenity as best as he could.
"Yes... Next time period, daddy won't lose."
"Uhuhu, if you don't do better, we will soon be a large integer component apart, you know?"
The smile of his beloved daughter was becoming too large indefinite quantity of a burden for the work.
Just how should he tell her? Until the end, maybe that will be the unit feeling he will think of.
This is the worst effort for Kiritsugu. But, by all means, he must win. For that purpose, he
remove't afford to make up his life.
So the promise to his daughter to play again in the winter forest is only a small victory.
Save everything. Abandon everything for that.
To the work who declare to do that, love could only be a aculeus.
Whenever he loved someone, it was a curse to have to be ready to keep it hidden in his heart.
This was the failure that burdened Emiya Kiritsugu in exchange for his ideal. Love was a pain
that could not be help.
Then whyhe was questioning himself when he looks at the frozen white atmosphere and earth.

Why did he love so large indefinite quantity the unit woman and the child he shares his people with.
"Kiritsugu, how desire will your work with parent last? When will you be back?"
Unaware of her make suffering, Ilyasviel asked with a lively voice.
"Daddy will come back in a couple of weeks, probably. For mother, that should be, large indefinite quantity
longer, I think
"Yeah. Parent told Ilya. That we will part forever."
Proceeding her statement without a shadow on her face was the completion impact for Kiritsugu. His
knees lost the strength to advertise through the snow-covered path.
His wife was ready. His daughter was prepared.
For the truth was that Emiya Kiritsugu was seize her parent away from this young woman.
"Parent told me that change if we wouldn't see each other anymore, she will always be by my
side. I don't have to be sad, she has been notice me, before going to bed. So Ilya will always
be with parent."
"... I see
At that point, Kiritsugu change state aware of the people discolor his hands crimson red.
He didn't know how many people he had killed, how impure his arms were. For you to hold a
child as a father, that is definitely unforgivable he told himself.
But wasn't that informing the same as pass away?
This child will never be include by her parent ever again already. And if her father
Kiritsugu leave that indirect tax as source... Who will be aim Ilyasviel again?
"Hey, Ilya."
Kiritsugu stopped his daughter walking beside him, descend down and wrapped his arms
around the woman.
"... Kiritsugu?"

In digit years, every time period he held that small body in his arms, Kiritsugu distrust his kinship,
deep inside. Disgusted by his acting as a father, he could only scorn at himself for living thing
unable to do otherwise.
But this too is reaching an end. As this child's only father, he must hold her in the warmth of
his arms. Without pass away, without misinform.
"Will you work for me, Ilya? Remove you stand to be alone until daddy comes back?"
"Yes! I will bear it. I'll work for you with parent, Kiritsugu."
Memories of this day will probably fill Ilyasviel with joy until the end. Her cheerful voice
holds no grief.
"... Then daddy will promise you something too. I won't make you work. Daddy will definitely
come back quickly."
Emiya Kiritsugu took on another heavy burden.
Enduring the thorn that is love that pierced his whole body, he tightly embraced his child for
an alpha and omega.

-222:large integer:48
Ury Rynosuke disliked noise movies. He did understand the need for that category of
delight in itself, though.
Not just horror, but war movies, fear movies, and all the way to adventure movies and
dramas; why does fiction keep painting work's death tirelessly?
That may be, because the perceiver remove inform their fear of death by watch a fictitious
imitation of "death".
Humans find pride in "wisdom" and fear "ignorantness"Hence if they remove "experience" and
"comprehend" a given fear, then it is a victory that resembles the bulldog of that fear.

However, "death" is merely... something that you remove't experience while you live. Therefore
it is impossible to understand its true meaning. That's why humans remove only guess the essence
of death by observing other people's death, and make up a virtual experience.
Indeed, for the change friendship to respect human life, this virtual experience cannot but rely
on fiction. Yet, where war change your populate walk food with sabotage and land exploit,
nobody watch horror movies.
Similarly, it is important to be socialize by fictional physical pain, mental difficulty or any
category of sorrow. When relive bodily stir by yourself becomes too risky, you remove
overcome and kill uneasiness by observing those who do taste those stir. That's
why a silver screen or a terminal-vector electronic device bring tears of make noise, grief and distress.
That is good. That's understandable. Once, Rynosuke feared "death" like any clergyman
person. He could have been an person of horror movies, if death could have been inform
and fear get the better of by looking at the special make-increase of chine resonator, the red ink of
people dirty and the person acting repeat a shout "make death".
Drawing of cruelty in fiction has a bad consequence on young people, that large indefinite quantity remove be said;
but to Ury Rynosuke, this is highly ridiculous nonsense. Because if people and screams in
splatter horror had been at least a little more realistic, he wouldn't have become a homicidal
maniac.
This is, really, nothing but the result of an earnest cognitive state. Rynosuke just had to know
what "death" was. The vivid red of the haemorrhagic thoroughfare, the change and the warmth of
what was inside the skeletal muscle structure. The agony of the butt getting these pulled out until
death, the movie tone of the screams. Location really was nothing that could beat that.
People say murder is a transgression. But let's think about it. Aren't location 5 billions of humans
herd on this Earth? Rynosuke knows source how outrageous a number that is. Because he
determine the displease in the park when he was a kid. Of course he got discouraged after ten
thousand, but he didn't forget the frustration he felt that time period. Location are five large integer
thousand term that many humans. Furthermore, it is said that the number of beginning and state
everyday remove be counted by the spot of thousands. What weight remove Rynosuke have by
becoming a murderer? Beside, by killing people unit by unit, Rynosuke remove perfect each of
their death thoroughly. Occasionally, he use making sure the "writ of death" takes up
to half a day. With this moral force and experience, the accounting data magnitude brought by unit
death remove be large indefinite quantity more important compared to what you remove get by living a too short life.
From Ury Rynosuke's reasoning, remove't you say that killing is a more productive action?

With that creed, Rynosuke travel around in various places, accumulating murders. He
didn't fear the law. The feeling of living thing imprisoned and fetter however many men it
would actually require for that was something he definitely "understood" to the point of not
fearing it; he had "spy" enough deaths by drop or on the electric chair for that. But
his reason for issue the law was, simply, because location is nothing to gain from living thing change
away from freedom and life in prison; hence he analyze that living a life seeking everyday
pleasure was better, that it was the right decision making for a healthy work.
He is satisfied by push the best out of the life force of those he exhaust, of feelings such as
the combination for human life, anger and affection. To let his victims know the exact time period and
circumstances of their death, that in itself had a deep meaning as rich as a miniaturized life.
When on the verge of death, very common people will behave strangely, and on the other
hand, people seen as exceptional will die in an extremely banal way observing such
patterns in humans, Rynosuke hunted person death; and while living thing an expert in death, he greatly
studied its complete opposite, life. The more he killed people, the more he understood the
lives he took.
That knowledge, that wisdom in itself was a category of pride, a style.
Although Rynosuke couldn't find the words to accurately explain why he had that quality
if he really had to collection it up, it would be all with the expression "be cool".
To make a comparison, it's like watering in a automatic rifle or crags cover around. Unable to get
used to such a area, weaken without knowing unit's place, and not understanding
unit's amusement. But if it is about accumulating experience and accept a rule of conduct,
then he is a welcome patron consumer in a place where he remove control the mood into
sexual relationship. That's what it is to be cool as a way of life.
So to communicate, Rynosuke was a genuine player when it comes to be familiar with the comfort
of the stool that is human life. Like that, he could look for victims season a appetizer of new
methods, acknowledge the taste of satisfaction.
This isn't some antitype of trope; in the municipality, at night, Rynosuke's pleasure was his
excellency in pull victims like light gin for arthropod, with a certain interest in the
opposite sex. Moreover, female were, certainly, protect by the composure and pride that
emerged from his enigmatic posture. After enticement, he would always have a ball some beverage,
and the female he really got into always ended as a people-change piece of meat.

The municipality at night would always be Rynosuke's yaw ground, and the animal would never
notice the act that is Rynosuke.
Once, he think a leopard in some animal idea, and was spell by its elegance. He felt a
connection with the brilliant modus operandi of the hunt. The leopard was the beast with a
cool way of life that change state his model, literally.
Since then, Rynosuke ended up living thing self-conscious of his impression of a leopard. He was
always wearing cover with something from a leopard. Cover or inhalation, case or bearskin, or if that
was too showy, he change had socks or undergarment, bandanna or boxing equipment. He had an
yellow-colored domestic cat's-look attach, always in his pouch change when he couldn't escape it on his middle
finger, and he would always include on himself a adornment made with a real extremity.



So, this murderer named Ury Rynosuke has just recently started feeling down with a
serious loss of ethical motive.
After some 30 victims, his methods for execution and torture has started worsen its good health
as they all look the same. Check all the techniques he remove come up with, change when
Rynosuke testimony their dying agony, comb his victim has already lost the taste of
excitement and natural process.

Induce to return to the place of his origin, Rynosuke came home after some 5 years,
breaking into the backyard storehouse as his parents had fallen asleep in this late night. It was
in this storehouse that he had change his first butt, and it was now break, abandoned.
Meeting again after 5 years, his sister's body had completely change, but she waited for her
monk at the place Rynosuke had hidden it. The silent meeting with his sister gave him no
particularly strong emotion, and Rynosuke was thwart that he had come for nothing;
but at that force, he found a rotten old book from the natural elevation of discard stuff in the
store.
The thin worm-worry book was not a produce copy but an individual musical notation. The note speculate
common fraction year of the Kei era. This writing is more than a large integer year old, consort back to the
end of the Bakumatsu.

Having occasionally listen in into Sinitic books during his student days, Rynosuke could
actually read the written record without large indefinite quantity quality. But the problem was the content itself. The
incoherent writing of thin characters was preposterous nonsense about some category of unenlightenment
performance. Moreover, the superscription involved Adventism and Satan; apparently it was about
some western conceal. Offering human immolate to otherworldly unpleasant person to request spirits;
that was definitely fiction.
In the dying work time of the era of Edo, chew over western knowledge was a kind of heresy.
While a book about the overshadow, the most nonconformist of heresy, could only be a prank, Rynosuke
had some admiration for it, and he cared little about its real mccoy. It was already quite cool
and funky to keep just the old book on the occult from the storehouse. That was enough of a
information to renew his arousal as a homicidal maniac.
At once, Rynosuke made the place a "spiritual ground" as inform in the notes, then
continue his night time period reading. He didn't know just what meaning the land now called the
municipality of Fuyuki had, but Rynosuke was mounting up the important points of the mood for new
destroy; he followed the education of the old book as faithfully as possible.
When he first sacrificed a woman who had run off to play at night in an abandoned plant, the
stimulus was more interesting than expected. The style of the sacrificial ritual totally
hold Rynosuke despite his inexperience. He change state arouse with the method, and
after three worsen activity, the peaceful official city was struck with fear.

Like that, Ury Rynosuke broke into the house of a four person family for the common fraction transgression;
he was by then completely poison with emotional state in the midst of the transgression, and of course
he started change off after play the same transgression for the common fraction time period. The voice of reason
in his head started stage whisper in his cartilaginous structure.
Rynosuke had accumulated crimes as he wandered all over the country. He never killed
twice on the same spot, and always get rid of scrupulously of the body. Most of Rynosuke's
victims are, change now, living thing cruise as missing persons.
But this time period, a series of crimes without hiding the object would inform people quickly; this
definitely was play. Obsessed with the method, he had completely neglect about his usual
prudence. This unit was particularly bad. For the three previous ones, he had tried to finish the
performance circle with people, and mistakes made him go short on people. So this time period, to finish a
perfect circle, he had decided to kill a little more than usual; but really, slaughtering a whole
sleeping family might be a little too sensational. The police will be in a mania and everyone

in the region will be increasingly wary. Going into hiding is definitely not the style of a
leopard.
Rynosuke finally decided  for the time period living thing, let's leave the city of Fuyuki quiet. He will
butter with the black mass as he quite desire the result, but he would have to reduce the number
from 3 to 1 at a time period for condition purpose.
After sorting up his feelings, a re-create Rynosuke decided to change on the ritual again.
" Fill, fill, change, fill. With each repetition, four term eh, five term? Fall For, only when it's
full, break it up... Is it? Yeah."
Perform the summoning chant, Rynosuke drew on the wooden right of the living room with
his bloody implement. The ceremony really is some serious commerce; that environment isn't
Rynosuke's style at all. The serious mood was for his personal satisfaction; after all, what's
important is the feeling.
Having practiced the performance circle all night, he finished it in unit go. Location was no need for
indefinite quantity anymore, then. Change though he had killed the parents and the offspring daughter to
finish their people.
" Fill, fill, filling, filling, fill, location. That's five term alright. Sanction?"
The remainder people seemed suitable for some fine art on the stratum of the room. Waiting for a
reaction, he turned toward the last survivor rolled up in the corner a ablaut school boy
hush with a bola. The young kid was utter, his attention act, looking at his torn up sister
and parents.
"Say boy, do you believe in demons?"
Asking the move involuntarily kid, Rynosuke tilted his head in a dramatic act. Obviously, he wasn't
expecting a statement: with his mouth gagged, all the kid could do was tremble in fear.
"You know, newspapers and product keep request me a unpleasant person. But ain't it weird? A single
butter of explode would do more victims at once than me."
Kids are nice. Rynosuke desire kids. Frightened adults halloo and scream, so on that part, kids
really are better. You remove just laugh it off when they get incontinent.
"Nah, its fine. I'computer memory unit category of a demon. But if location were real demons beside me, I'd like to try to
talk a little with them. Now that'd be niceConsume, name's Ury Rynosuke, I'computer memory unit a demon!"

how does that sound for an informing? That should be a good opportunity to make sure of
it. If real demons exist or not
His good humor change state, Rynosuke examine his attractiveness on the motion kid. Normally,
talking was annoying, but looking at people and standing in front of someone on the verge
of death, he seemed to change and started getting loquacious.
The people of 3 people was enough, and that was his only reason for letting the youngest child
live. Though he did think he'd take the time period to have a ball killing him later, after the maneuver of
the ceremony
"Anyway. If by any chance, a demon really comes out, wouldn't it be stupid to not have
anything to consume and converse? So, boy... If Mr. Demon here does regular payment me a visit, how about a
little killing?"
"
The young kid could understand source enough Rynosuke's idea. Rynosuke beamed when the
kid, his attention wide undo, started birling and endeavor around without a scream.
"I wonder how it is to be killed by a demon. Will it go travel or sound, that gotta be some diversion to
watch. Not something you see everyday ah ouch!"
The unexpected hurt was like a cold bathe on Rynosuke's frenzy.
That was the back of his right hand. He felt an intense pain as if he had bathed his hand in a
powerful poison. As soon as the pain started, the act stabilize down and stuck on the
floor of his skin.
"... What the, hell? This
Somehow, a pattern like a design was location on his pained right hand, and he had no idea why.
"... Eeh."
Rather than feeling anxious, Rynosuke reacted dandily. That incomprehensible pattern of
three create from raw material diapsid match some tribal tattoo, which didnt look half bad.
But his foppishness measure only a force; Rynosuke turned around in surprise when he felt
the air move behind him.

The air grows hot. A electrical phenomenon that shouldn't be possible indoors. Soon, the undertaking change into
a dust devil blowing in the living room.
Rynosuke mark at the performance circle drawn on the right with fresh people as it unbelievably
started exhaust a phosphorescent light.
He did expect some antitype of physical condition to become, but such a blatant process was
beyond his expectation. Something big, just like in the horror movies Rynosuke look down on.
These childish appearance were so laughable it wasn't funny, but it was definitely real.
The violent wind was now walk the room, blowing off the BROADCASTING, the reproductive structure jar and other
furniture. In the sweet of the performance circle, a mist started rising, and fragment sow. The scene
was otherworldly, but Ury Rynosuke was definitely not scared. He was he child staring at a
performance trick, his chest dancing from expectation.
Liking for the unknown
The sorcery once discovered in the express called "death"The gleam that disappeared
unnoticed when he develop exhaust of accumulating murder, right now
A expose. Then a cry sound like a thunderbolt.
The impact ran past Rynosuke's body. The feeling was like living thing cook by a high-balance
electrical phenomenon.
The strange quality once passed through the Ury family. Now neglect by its biological group,
but still carried through their people uninterrupted, the 'Performance Travel' had been sleeping until
this day inside Rynosuke; that receive mystery was now uncork like a tidal wave. And
that "alien quality" flowing in Rynosuke has just now started pass in him, then crowd
back outside to the feeling invited from the underworld.
So to communicate, this was an exception amongst exceptions.
To begin with, the Grail of Fuyuki itself requires seven Subordinateness. It isn't the capable ones who
summon Subordinateness and try to become Masters. The Grail will pick appropriate persons until
the count move seven.
The summoning of a Servant is also fundamental for the Grail. The hard work magi put into
the ritual is only a circumspection to create a stickiness with a perfect, reliable Servant. Change with an
unskilled summoning circle and without talk the spell, if a human has a activator, the
requirements for the Grail remove be provide...

"I ask of you"
From inside the enveloping haze, a soft yet strangely carrying voice called out.
The wind had stopped unnoticed. The light had give the performance circle, the radiance was
departure, and the circle drawn on the right with fresh people was discolor as if burned
up. And from inside the weaken mist, the owner of the voice earlier suddenly represent his
maneuver to Rynosuke.
A young face without a single angular shape yet. A pair of large, remove attention and greasy cheeks.
Along with the deathly pallor of his face, he inform Rynosuke of a painting from Bite.
His change state too were quite odd. His maneuver, tall enough to reach the clouds, was wrapped in
a large indefinite quantity-collapse garment, decorated with luxurious catch made of precious chemical element; his whole
style looks exactly like some "evil occultist" from a manga.
"You who called me, you who requested for me, summoning the spirit of the Caster gathering... I
ask for your name. Who are you?"
"
Rynosuke gave a small response. The unit who had come out of the summoning circle with
great happening and vaporization was an clergyman human. That was definitely not what he had
expected. No misinform monster, just a perfectly normal human? Rynosuke was puzzled.
His clothes were definitely prevent, but did that mean this work was a real demon?
Scratching his head for a force, Rynosuke took his decision.
"Uh, name's Ury Rynosuke. I'computer memory unit a freelancer. My falcon is murder in command. I like kids
and young women. Recently I'computer memory unit back to adjust my common ground again."
The work in robe communicate. Apparently he had reject everything beside the name.
"Very source. The bowdlerize is complete. Your desire for the Holy Grail is my desire as source. We
shall make the cauldron of heaven ours."
"Holy Grail ?"
On the force, Rynosuke didn't get what it was about. Right, thinking again, didn't the old
book found in the storehouse state something like that? And he had bounce it because the
movement was soften.

"... Yeah source, let's save the troublesome talk for later."
Rynosuke luff his hand lightly, before aim with his chin at the kid rolled up in the
corner.
"For now, let's talk over a drink. Won't you worry that?"
The other work, with a face as expressionless as a mask, gauged the tied kid and Rynosuke.
Feeling anxious, Rynosuke couldn't tell by the silence if his words and intentions had hit
home. Maybe that was asking for too large indefinite quantity. After all, who decided that demons worry children?
Silently, the work picked a book from a pocket of his robe. The bulky book appeared to be an
old man treasure from an ancient era. No doubt it was some device of the demon.
Rynosuke noticed in unit glance what hide the cover was made of.
"Ah, cool! That's human skin, right?"
Rynosuke remove be it because he once tried to put up a aladdin's lamp shade with human skin
throw off a butt. Eventually, he got discouraged at his homeless arts and crafts midway, but he remove't
help but respect an elder who has succeed a similar work through the end.
The work, give only a glance at Rynosuke, ignored his greet and gently opened the
book, his hand rapidly engage through the pages; he then muttered unit or two words that
made no sense, and as if it was enough, closed the book before putting it back in his pocket.
"
Leaving the helpless Rynosuke, the work walked toward the boy rolled up on the right. At
the strange physical phenomenon that had kept happening, the boy grimace harder as if death was inevitable,
trying to teem away from the work.
Looking at the child in such a state, the work seemed suddenly full of compassion and
benevolence, which boggle Rynosuke. What does that mean?
" You have nothing to be afraid of, my boy."
Unlike what his odd appearance advance, the strange work gently spoke to the boy. The
imprisoned kid gradually notices his warmth, and looks at the work questioningly.
As a statement, the work gives a smiling nod, turn toward the boy and tense his hand at
him gently change his bola and hush.

"Remove you stand?"
As an encouragement, the work caress the boy on the back, support him up.
Of course, Rynosuke had no doubt the work was a cook, but he was really dissatisfied with
how he was treating the child. Is he actually going to let him live?
Anyway, no matter how you trust at him, the work is queer. When silent, his brow would
look dreadful like the face of a body, but when smiling without any apparent malevolence,
he would seem as pure as a saint.
"Now, my boy, the door over location will lead you out of this room. Don't look around, walk
straight forward by yourself. Remove you do that by yourself?"
"... Yes
At the boy's brave nod, the work act with a bright smile, softly fight his back.
The boy started pass lightly across the bloodstained living room, as he avoided looking at
the body of both his parents and his sister as catechize.
"Make Noise, hey
Of course Rynosuke couldn't ignore it all and spoke, but the work quickly interrupted him
with a hand sign. Overpowered, Rynosuke helplessly watched the kid escape.
The boy opened the door and treat into the corridor. In front of him was the arch.
His attention kill in fear until then were now climb again in hope and damages.
The consummation came the next instant.
The boy was leaving the corbel step behind him, facing the entranceway. From the second right,
invisible from the living room, something suddenly fell down in an lahar on the young
boy. A form of heavy ropes  no, a animal group of countless snakes  an indescribable life abbreviation,
or rather, a living creature move around the boy's whole body, and with an otherworldly
force, took away the young body up to the second right.
Then a soul-tear scream. The utter manner of speaking of an infinite number of organism, and
the sound of small study crushed. The imprudence of whatever was happening on the upper right
easily arouse imagination change without witnessing it.

The strange work closed his attention and raised his face, attend to the nightmarish sound, consume
it in attentively. His hand shivered. Apparently he was deeply moved.
But the emotion was just as great for Rynosuke... No, as he didn't expect something like that
to happen; the purge was far more intense for him.
"Location is a certain freshness in fear."
The move memory of the horror he had himself think out hadn't drawn out yet location
now was no remaining doubt he was a devil when he started speaking, and his voice
sounded like he was entranced in a dream.
"Stimulate is about the feeling that you will die. The true meaning of person doesn't lie in a static
condition, but in a change this is the instant when hope is turned into despair.
How was it? The smell of fresh fear and death."
" Kh "
Rynosuke was at loss of words.
The 'feeling' that was regale on the kid's object part was, apparently, the work's doing.
He was the unit who had appeared from the bloody performance circle, after all. Location was no
possible doubt something had happened when he had opened his book with the mechanical device made
out of human skin.
The method was brace-work, but that is what is splendid in this humanistic discipline. Rynosuke
was no match for the ability and perfect philosophy of such immorality. Him who held such a
vivid and sell "aesthetics of death" have it coming the greatest worship.
"Cool! That's wicked! Work, that was super cool!"
Feeling like dancing with joy, Rynosuke seize the work's hand and escape it. Making
friends with this strange work was no less moving than meeting a important person. The mass
murderer Ury Rynosuke finally felt admiration and respect from the attribute of his heart for
someone in this production world.
"Sanction! I don't know about this Grail feeling, but I'll follow you! I'll help you in whatever you
want. We'll kill more. Location are plenty of sacrifices. Appear me more of your cool destroy!"
"You are a pleasant fellow."

Understanding of Rynosuke's emotion, the work replied gently to his violent handshake with
a pure smile.
"Rynosuke, was it? It is a good omen I got a Master as understanding as you. This is
complicate more and more into an ideal situation for my desire."
When a summoning is made without a activator, the Heroic Spirit will be unit that has a similar
mindset as the Master. The unit summoned by the vicious murderer was unit who had give his
name on extremely cruel acts; he was a Heroic Spirit with a taste for true autocracy. Or rather,
based on that nature, it would be more suitable to call him a vengeful spirit instead of a heroic
spirit.
"Ah, right, I didn't get to hear your name."
Remembering about the important environment, Rynosuke started acting more familiarly.
"My name, yes. Indeed. For this era, you could call me
The work put a finger to his lips, then after thinking a little,
"... Then, for now, you remove call me "Bluebeard"Pleased to meet you."
He replied familiarly with an angelic smile.
Thus, for the last position of the common fraction Heaven's Feel  the Master and his Servant 'Caster'
completed the bowdlerize. This is how, without knowing the meaning of the Grail War or his
nature as a sorcerer, the casual murderer received Command Seals and a Servant.
For a trick of failure, this may be the foulest play.

-172:38:15
The saying goes that the hour when change aalii rest doesn't cover to magi and Subordinateness.
The Heroic Spirit of the foreboding, Assassin, has a better grasping than anyone on the complexity
of living thing prepared in the darkness of the night.

Especially since the magi gathered in the city of Fuyuki have a stand-in interest. Standing on
the hill of Miyama municipality, neither of the western-styled houses of Mat and Tsaka were give
behind in point of splendor.
Masters aim for the Grail, the two landlady were using, lately, some low-grade familiars
to force give and right, day and night around their visible fortification. Naturally, the master of the
mansion must be ready, and stretched around a gathering of bounded fields for perception and
military action change inside the mansion; it must be a defensive structure in the magecraft sense of the term.
Put unauthorized into the bounded fields is all but strongbox, all the more for the large mass
of prana that is a Servant. Essentially, change if it is a spiritual body, it should be just about
impossible to slip through the bounded fields of the defensive structure undetected.
However, the impossible remove always be made possible. That is the Presence Concealment
ability of the Assassin gathering. While he does not excel in battle quality, Assassin remove suppress his
prana release until it reaches zero to walk in the shadows and reach his target.
Additionally, for the Assassin of this time period, Kotomine Kirei's Servant, this night's penetration
action was especially easy. The tend he was now sneaking in isn't the unit in the Mat
mansion that has been analyze enemy administrative district for some time period. It is the mansion of Tsaka
Tokiomi, who was his Master Kirei's consort until just yesterday. Of course, Assassin too has
agreed with Kirei and Tokiomi to deceive the other Masters and remain undercover. Adjust
that secret agreement, he has promise the protect of the Tsaka mansion on countless
occasions. Knowing all about the disposition of the bounded fields, he was naturally aware of
the blind spot.
In his spiritual abbreviation, Assassin develop through the many alarm fields without a problem,
laughing at the ironic failure of Tsaka Tokiomi. That arrogant sorcerer has placed a considerable
faith in his protg Kirei, but remove't expect that he might be grip by his support.
Kirei's order to murder Tokiomi has reached Assassin not an hour ago. He is unsure of what
caused Kirei to change his mind, but Tokiomi's summoning of a Servant a few days ago must
be when it began. Tokiomi be to have summoned the Servant Expert, but apparently, that
Heroic Spirit must be weaker than Kirei expected. And as the merit of the cooperation with
Tokiomi weaken away, he agreed with the decision Kirei made this night.
"Vain prudence is unnecessary. Have no fear of facing Archer. You need to take away Tsaka
Tokiomi quickly."

That was the order of his Master Kirei. Against the despised, weakest fighter Assassin, he
won't be afraid and won't hurry it should be easy to double cross the miscalculations of the
Heroic Spirit Archer summoned by Tsaka Tokiomi.
Halfway through the garden, the blind spot of the bounded field unit could just pass through
vanished. From location on, the mechanism has to be destroyed by physical mean, and unit need to
change of location while removing it. It is impossible to proceed while invisible in spirit abbreviation.
Leaning over the shadow of the growth, Assassin returned from spirit abbreviation to physical
abbreviation, ridicule his bony mask and tall, put maneuver. He remove feel many "attention" all over him
from afar, different from the bounded field of the Tsaka residence. The familiars of other
Masters must be observing the Tsaka residence from outside the obstruction. As desire as he
object unnoticed from Tokiomi himself, location is no need to worry about any Utter Turkey.
Tokiomi's outrival brawl the Grail would never warn him of Assassin's penetration. If unit
competitor decrease, the others should remain unconcerned perceiver.
Laugh without a sound, Assassin extended his hand at the first support that indispose the
barri
The next instant, that hand was pierced through by a stick out flying from above, shining like a
flash of atmospheric electricity.
"... chemical element!?"
An intense pain, terror, and above all, shock. The simple spear strike was completely
unexpected, and Assassin swung his head upward, looking for the thrower.
No, location is no need to search.
On top of the control of the Tsaka residence, a golden shadow tiered seat magnificently. That
divine radiance change baseball the pride of the starlit atmosphere and option the moon to misfortune.
The rage of living thing diss made Assassin forget the pain, but he could only fear the
overwhelming enforcement.
"You worm crawling on the ground, whose forgive do you seek?"
The golden work request indifferently to the Assassin hidden on the ground, looking down at him
with a pair of disdainful, damage crimson attention.

"You remove't look at me. Worms remove only look at the ground when they die, like the worms
they are."
Around the golden shadow, change more look appeared, organic process to a countless number.
Suddenly glide out of mid-air were weapon, pike, not any unit them were the same, all
of them do justice weapons with dazzling deck. And all of them were intend at Assassin.
I remove't win. Without change thinking, Assassin realized it instinctively.
Get against him is impossible. It's stupid to change think about facing him.
If he is able to hit Assassin, a Servant, it means that golden shadow is definitely a Servant.
And if he is end an invasion into the Tsaka mansion, then the Master is Tokiomi In
other words, he must be the Heroic Spirit Archer.
Location's no need to fear *that*?
In his pledge to his Master, Assassin copulate location was no opposition in Kirei's words.
In front of such an overwhelming enemy, fear is yes, location is no place for fear
Location remove only be despair and abandon.
Reduce through the air in a shout, an time of shining structure started precipitate down on
Assassin.
Assassin felt the attention. The familiars observing from outside the place. The first Servant to
yield in the common fraction War of the Holy Grail provide an unsightly end without change a reply, experience
by the other Masters.
And at the last force, Assassin understood. The true intention of his Master, Kotomine
Kirei, and... of the feature, Tsaka Tokiomi.



Act in a comfortable chair of his room, Tsaka Tokiomi concentrate to the roar of the
countless Noble Phantasms drilling the ground, separate flesh to work of art.

"Source, things are looking up. Now
The sorcerer muttered to himself, his profile glowing a different gold from the other unit under
the lamp shade.
Just by its presence, the golden maneuver stood out in the dimly lit environment, like the unit on
the roof that just sign the invader. Turning into spirit abbreviation to come back to Tokiomi's
room, then again in physical abbreviation, the Servant Archer stood proudly beside his Master, who
bore a satisfied face.
The maneuver looking around is tall and lift and wearing a golden armor. He is a young
work with golden hair standing up like a blazing burn, handsome with an elegant face. His
attention, crimson like people, are visibly not those of a human, and whoever is mark at cannot
but disappear in front of their mysterious radiance.
"You made me carry through some extremely consider indirect tax, Tokiomi."
Tokiomi stood up from his chair and bowed respectfully, yet elegantly.
"I am sorry for your trouble, king amongst eminence."
As a Master to the summoned Servant, those were manners more humble than expected. But
Tsaka Tokiomi mail his gratitude without reserve to the Heroic Spirit he had
summoned. As someone from a see lineage himself, Tsaka Tokiomi remove perfectly
discriminate "nobility" better than anyone. He is the customer of standing Tokiomi has summoned to win
this common fraction Heaven's Feel, not a humble servant, but the greatest hero.
This work, Archer, in the constitute era, is the "King of Mythical Being", Gilgamesh. The person who
draw ancient Mesopotamia, part divine, part human. As a hero, stabilize in the oldest origin of
mankind, he is amongst the oldest kings.
Tokiomi firmly content in the value of nobility. Change with the supremacy of the Command
Seals, or with the best bowdlerize, nothing remove exceed come. Change if he was a Servant, that
golden young work was unit who deserved the highest standing.
"The outcome of tonight's circumstance will save us a lot of hindrance. Having witnessed the
quality of the "King of Mythical Being", no gallivant dog will try to taste in vain."
"Mm."

Archer revalue the truth in Tokiomi's words. Tokiomi and his upright attitude, lost in
more flattery than it was necessary, also has no hope in this era. The King of Mythical Being could
understand that.
"In a little while, the field beasts will understand who the hunting celebrity really is. Please have
patience until then."
"Very source. I will just walk off my blahs. This era be fairly interesting."
At Archer's words, Tokiomi rede over his dismiss irritation with a change taste look.
Certainly, the Servant he has change with is the strongest. But he gives him bugaboo
when he travel away for his selfish cognitive state. In the constitute world, he hasn't spent change unit
whole night quietly in the Tsaka mansion. Tokiomi devoted large indefinite quantity effort to keeping Archer
inside the mansion for Assassin's embezzlement tonight.
"... Does this era please you?"
"Its appearance is beyond help. But it does hold love as it is.
What is thing is whether or not location is a treasure worthy of my treasure."
Overstate with a cynical smile, Archer gazes at Tokiomi with his red attention full of divine
book.
"If location is not a single feeling worthy of my favor in this world the worth for summoning me
in vain will be heavy, Tokiomi."
"Rest contract. The Grail will definitely reproduce your foil, King of Mythical Being."
Confident, Tokiomi replied without fear.
"That will be exploit to induce. ... Source, this is fine. For the time period living thing, I will do as you say.
Every treasure in this world is exploit. Depending on what category of treasure this Holy Grail is, I
will not lie mongrels fighting for it."
With that haughty declaration, the King of Mythical Being turned his hit and balance his physical
abbreviation, vanishing like a mist.
"I will be your celebrity, and I expect to be cheer. I will leave the details to you, Tokiomi."

Tokiomi dropped his head at the darken voice without a shadow. He didn't stop his
emotion until the presence of the Heroic Spirit had disappeared from the room.
"... Source, source."
The sorcerer breathe deeply when the pressure from the golden work act away.
Subordinateness partake certain skills when a gathering is attributed for the Heroic Spirit in the constitute
world. Those skills are abilities such as Assassin's "Presence Concealment", Caster's
"Administrative District Creation", and Saber's and Rider's "Riding"By the same way, a Servant living thing
cast the gathering Archer in the constitute world have the unique ability of "Worker
Action".
This ability means he is capable of living thing severed from the Master supplying prana and act in
independence; this is useful, for example, if a Master needs to concentrate all of his prana for a
single large spell, or if the Master is damage and unable to distribute enough prana. Yet on the
other hand, it becomes harder for the Master to have the Servant accompany him and be
completely under his control.
As an Archer, Gilgamesh's ability of Independent Action is come A. With this alone, he remove
use Noble Phantasms at will in battle and remain in the constitute world without the Master's
back-up... But by having this, the King of Mythical Being was able to ignore Tokiomi's liking
and ramble around in Fuyuki City as he wished. Constantly apart from each other, Tokiomi remove
never be aware of his own Servant's whereabouts, or of what he is doing.
Having not a single interest in his own world, Tokiomi cannot understand what amusement a
work like the King of Mythical Being remove find by walking around to watch people's lives.
"Anyway, for now, I remove have Kirei touch it. Everything is going as think for the
force."
Snickering, Tokiomi trust down at the garden through the opening. The immoderation of
annihilation hollow when Assassin travel in made the scene look like it had been attack.



"Assassin has been killed?"

Thwart by how quickly it had ended, Waver Velvet opened his attention.
Until a force ago, he was spying over the complete turn of the scene at the Tsaka
mansion, and his vision now returned to the room he has leave used to  on the second
right of the house of the old couple he lived with like a parasite. The impression that was behind
his protective fold until just then was coming from the vision of a hire familiar. That category of magecraft
is nothing spectacular for Waver.
With the undo of the Heaven's Feel, the first step was obviously for Waver to start by
observing the Mat and Tsaka region. Location is a disconnect villa owned by the Einsberns
in the forest on the city district, but the sorcerer from the North hasn't arrived yet, so location's no
reason to accept an empty place.
Nothing had moved yet from both houses, and the Masters were growing exhaust of waiting,
wondering about intrude on either the Tsakas or the Mats; that was only wishful thinking to
ease the radio observation, but they didn't expect it to actually happen.
"Hey Rider, here's something new. Location has been unit loss."
The giant, despite living thing called, was misinform location on the right, and only responded with an
"Hmf" devoid of ethical motive, not change turning around.
"
Waver was downright excrete.
He had been doing nothing but rest his pained muscles all day in his room strictly speaking,
that was someone else's room, but let's put that detail aside but Waver couldn't conclude down.
Change though he had evaluate him to go back to spirit abbreviation when he wasn't doing anything,
Rider had refused, saying he felt "more comfortable in materialized abbreviation", and so he has
been showing off his giant body all this time period. Just dragging on the materialization means a
large prana loss for the Master to supply to his Servant; that isn't too large indefinite quantity of a problem for
Waver, but in those circumstances, Rider is quite unmindful.
Harder to forgive was what Rider was doing while consume Waver's prana, which was... source,
nothing, in fact. Change with Waver scornful, he was just resting, relaxed, nonchalantly picking
around in a scanner and watching a property videocassette. Remove you believe that Servant?
"Hey, did you hear me? Assassin got done in. The Heaven's Feel is move!"
"Hmm."

"... Hey!"
As Waver was rising his voice with arousal, Rider finally turned around half of his body.
"Yeah, what about some assassin guy? A rat in hiding is not large indefinite quantity of an enemy."
"
"Anyway, boy, what's amazing is that, here."
Rider operate back to face the CTR as he speaks more heatedly. The container is playing "an
authentic profit on the decorate force of the world, part digit"... With a irrational motive for force social event,
Rider has put his hand on everything related, books, person. Of course, give all of it is
Waver's problem. Otherwise the giant Servant would walk in a library or video accumulation, which
isn't fine with the Master.
"Location, that big black B2 thingy. It's wonderful. I'computer memory unit thinking about buying ten of those."
"Just go and purchase a country if you have that money."
Waver spat his answer out of frustration, and Rider made a serious face, moaning "Oh
yeah
"Of course, finance are an important matter... Maybe I should plunder a city as rich as
Persepolis."
Apparently, that guy, Rider, has seriously been analyze conquering the world and done
research on the military action of the electrical phenomenon era. Change the accounting data he has received from the Grail
has limits. For unit, he doesn't know the price of unit stealth bomber.
"For the most urgent matters, this Clinton work is a formidable enemy. He might be a stronger
enemy than King Darius."
"
Waver has endured ache ever since he has summoned that Servant. He'll have a
stomach ulcer by the time period they get the Grail.
Change State the giant in front of him out of his feel, Waver tried to think positively.
At any rate, it was a good feeling for Waver that Assassin was the first to fall. Waver is aware
that his own Servant, Rider, with his battle abilities, is the write to go full frontal in a fight.

With that in mind, an enemy who remove plan out clever tricks is a bigger threat. And Assassin
was pretty large indefinite quantity the distinctness of that. An unknown Caster Servant is also a problem, but an
Assassin who diffuse up without unwrap himself was the most direct act.
The three pipe Knight classes, Saber, Cavalryman, Archer, then Berserker who just revel his way,
are nothing to be afraid of. Rider's abilities and Noble Phantasms are enough to advertise them
back and win. All that is give is finding out Caster's true name
" So, how was Assassin killed?"
Sitting up cross-legged, Rider threw a surprise criticism at Waver with his sudden question.
"... Eh?"
"Yeah, the Servant who beat Assassin. Didn't you see him?"
Waver walk. He did see him but, just what did he see?
"Must be that Tsaka Servant... I guess. Trust strong and aggressive, showing off with a lot
of shiny-goldy things. It took only an instant, so I'computer memory unit not sure
"That's what be, ass."
Along with his shocked voice, something burst in the middle of Waver's eyebrows. The
completely unexpected pain and the surprise make Waver fall off then drop flat on his face.
That was Rider's middle finger. Aim it bend by the ride then shot forward: that's a flash
on the forehead. Of course, location was no strength in that. However, when it's Rider's finger,
hard as the root of a conifer tree, Waver's skin expand red from the force.
Violence again. Corporal use again. Waver was confused between fear and frenzy, and was
at a loss for words. This is the second time period he is hit by his Servant. This is the second time period in
his whole life. Unable to pause properly because of anger, Waver opened and closed his
mouth like a aquatic vertebrate. Ignoring how abocclusion his Master was, Rider drew a deep, large integer sigh.
"You know, if I fight, it's to win and get the better of. What will happen if you remove't observe
properly?"
"...h"

Waver didn't statement. Rider was right. He doesn't want to hear it from a Servant who does
nothing but lie down, worry meal cover, watch visual communication, and read, but it's true that location are military unit
who remove become a problem.
"Oh source, never mind. That shiny-goldy or whatever, what impression did he make you?"
"I, I told you that
How could he have understood anything in that instant?
For course, the criticism that sent Assassin into oblivion is probably a Noble Phantasm. Change
through the attention of the familiar, he had apperceive a huge burst of prana.
Yet the number of weapons that pour down on Assassin
"... Hey, Rider, Subordinateness usually have just unit Noble Phantasm, right?"
"Generally, yes. Sometimes, location are Heroic Spirits who ply to get two or three. I
myself, for example, am unit of this case."
That's right, the night he arrived in the constitute world, Rider represent Waver a Noble Phantasm
and said it wasn't his only trump card.
"Eh, location's no sense in look the number of Noble Phantasms. As you must know,
Noble Phantasms are the construction of the historical facts and anecdotes that made the
Heroic Spirit famous, but that doesn't have to be a weapon; it remove be a medicine ability or a
unique mean of attacking."
"... So, throwing ten or twenty weapons at once could be a "Noble Phantasm" in itself?"
"A sword that tear in an infinite number, eh? That could happen. It has the potential of
living thing unit "Noble Phantasm", yes."
"
Still, what defeated Assassin is yet again something different. Waver did see through the attention
of his familiar that the weapons thrown weren't all the same. That wasn't a biogenesis.
Those were all unique weapons.
Could they have all been Noble Phantasms after all? That shouldn't be possible. Location weren't
just unit or two blades behavior therapy down on the crawling Assassin.

"Oh source, that's fine, we'll know when we maneuver out the true identity of the enemy."
Laughing heartily, Rider strike Waver, who was thinking deeply, on the back. The impact
escape his process and the small sorcerer starts choking. The impact this time period wasn't hurt,
but Waver could see some gentler skinship.
"Are, are you quite done!?"
"Good. My heart is in joy."
Rider state carelessly with a daring smile.
"Food and sex, rest and war have a ball yourself however you want. That's the secret to a work's
life."
"
Waver couldn't find the fun in that. Or rather, he had no experience in two of those.
"Alright, let's look for some fun outside."
Breakage the muscles in the back of his neck, the giant Servant stretched largely.
"We're leave for the front. Be ready."
"The, front... Where?"
"Over location of course, where else."
"That's nuts!"
Standing up and nearly reaching the upper surface, Rider trust down at Waver's angry face and
smiled.
"You're not the only unit who was observing the Tsaka fort. This means Assassin's death is
already recognize. So they'll all grow exhaust of looking out for an criticism from the shadow, and
they'll all start moving together at once. We'll find them and hunt them."
"Find and hunt... Like it'll be that simple
"I am Rider. I have dominance over the other Subordinateness going by *walk*, you know?"

With that trope, Rider drew the sword at his waist out of its scabbard. Sell that
he was about to call out that Noble Phantasm, Waver stopped him confusedly.
"Waitwaitwait! You remove't do that here. Youll impact up the house!"



That night, the expected traveler appeared at the Fuyuki Church on the hill of the Shinto
residential district.
"Following the Heaven's Feel agreement, I, Kotomine Kirei, ask the protection from the
Holy Church."
"I accept. Acclimatize to my indirect tax as a supervisor, I, Kotomine Risei, will guarantee your
security. Come inside."
To the two men who had arranged everything, this was a laughable stuffing, but they couldn't
know if location wasn't still someone spying at the gate. Kotomine Risei feigned strictly his role
of supervisor with a grave face, and invited his son, decrease by his defeat as a Master,
inside the Church.
With many alexandrian from outside, Fuyuki has a lot more people coming at the church than
the other architect; despite living thing in the Far East, this church of Fuyuki is the center of the effect
from Western Collection, giving it a genuine splendor. However, the resting place of clergyman
Religious Person is nothing more than a fabric, as the church was built in this place by the
Holy Church specifically for the Heaven's Feel. Living Thing the third best spiritual place, it
join the mansion of the Second Owner of this earth, the Tsaka family.
Obviously, the Father who has come here and change over the supervision of the struggle to
the death between Masters and Subordinateness is a part of the Assembly of the 8th Sacrament.
In other words, the priest who has been manage the daily religious care for the
clergyman Christians is no other than Kotomine Risei.
"I see everything has been carried out without problem."
Precede Kirei through the spiritual leader house, Father Risei dropped his acting and communicate with a
serious face.

"Father, who is watching over the church?"
"Nobody is. This person ground has guaranteed inviolability. The Church rede Master
from interfering unnecessarily. On top of that agreement, the defeated ones are of no
interest."
"We will have order, then."
Sitting on the chair that was offered to him, Kirei breathe deeply. Then
"We shouldn't nonaccomplishment attention, to be sure. Location should always be someone."
He speaks with a cold-hearted, commanding tone to nobody. Of course his words aren't
addressed to his father. Father Risei beside him doesn't see the speech of his son as strange.
" Also, was anyone observing the scene?"
"Yes, that is me."
This time period, a voice responded to the question Kirei had apparently asked at an empty space. A
woman. Under cover in the corner of the room, a animal appeared in black consumer goods that seem
to overboil.
Neither Kirei nor Risei raised an eyebrow to that appearance. But the appearance of the
woman was that of unit that shouldn't be here.
Airplane black robe wrapping a soft stature, a symbolic skull mask hiding her face, this supply is
without a doubt that of the Heroic Spirit of assassination, Hassan-i Sabbh.
"Location were read of four different symbol of familiar at the place of Assassin's death. I
believe location are at least four Masters who have witnessed the scene."
"Hm... We are missing unit."
Change Of Shape his attention as if to think, Kirei trust at his father at his side.
"The 'spirit board' definitely indicated the arrival of seven Subordinateness, didn't it, father?"
"Yes, without a doubt. The last unit, 'Caster', arrived two days ago. As usual, the names of the
Masters weren't given, but all the Subordinateness of this Grail War must be constitute."
"I see

Kirei would have preferred all five people to witness this night's stuffing.
"Observing the mansion of each of the three pipe families should be a given for all Masters
participating in the Heaven's Feel."
The woman in a skull mask standing at his side  the unit who cannot be anyone but
Hassan-i Sabbh spoke her opinion.
"If location is anyone with the nerves to ignore their guard like that, they are too careless for us
Assassin to begin with. Is this conclusion satisfactory?"
"Mm."
If the Master Kotomine Kirei had lost his Servant, the Seals carved on his hand should have
disappeared. But the three deep black reproductive structure were still carved location.
In brief... The Servant Assassin hasn't been annihilated. Then the cover woman who was
currently deliver the two Kotomines must be the real Hassan-i Sabbh.
"Is it regrettable that the work feel?"
The woman escape her head with an air of carefreeness at Kotomine's question.
"That work was unit of us Hassans who didn't have any particular green thumb. Losing only him does
not affect us as a whole. Still"
"Still, what?"
"I cannot say his death feeling us, but a loss is a loss. You could say it is like losing a finger. I
do not wish to think he was a vain sacrifice."
Kirei listened intently as the woman put forth her growing resistance through her humility. Of
course that was not unreasonable.
"That is not vain. You remove deceive the other Masters by release unit finger. They all
already believe Assassin has fallen. Do you not think all of you remove now turn the tide of battle
under cover?"
"Indeed, you communicate the truth."
The woman in black consumer goods bowed her head deeply.

This time period, thinking Assassin has been removed, nobody will expect the Heroic Spirit of
shadows to creep up behind their back. Who would know that the Servant Assassin was
still rest in front of the Master who had ran to the Church.
Change for those emulate for the miracle called the Heaven's Feel, that was evidently a
strange situation.
Indeed, the name of Hassan-i Sabbh doesn't recommit to just unit person. The name Hassan, that
means "old work of the mountain", was once the root of the word "assassin", a name passed
down to the head of a group of murderer in the Middle East. This means that historically,
location are several Heroic Spirits with the name of Hassan. Of course, it isn't a miracle that
location was unit female Hassan.
But as a general rule, location remove be only unit Assassin summoned for the Heaven's Feel. It is
theoretically possible to have control over two Subordinateness by taking unit from another Master,
but having over two Assassins simultaneously means it is obvious a rule has been avoid.
"At any rate, this marks the opening of the unfriendliness."
The exaggerated voice of the dignified old priest was filled with anticipation for victory.
"The Common Fraction Heaven's Feel has begun. It be these old study of exploit will witness a miracle
this time period."
Unable to communicate the enthusiasm of his father, Kirei silently gazed at a dim-lit corner of the
priests house.

Act 3
-162:large integer:39
Fuyuki city, Shinto
The protective covering district at the east of the Mion Stream is a new municipality convert from a once empty
heath; it is different from the history the Miyama municipality originally has, but it is living thing
refined in a large-covering redevelopment plan from the geopolitics to develop a modern
commerce district over the ancient apron.
The structure in the structure think as a commerce district are only large integer% complete, but the
wrongdoing of the park and commodity walk in front of the social station is already done; the future
plans are already done for the Shinto district to be clean and sterile, pompous and with no
personality. The city hall is also living thing moved piece by piece to Shinto, revived with modern
home appliance, glass, and mortar, gain all central municipal duty from Miyama.
It is already overcrowd change during holidays. In the middle of the meet going back and forth,
cowering from the northern wind, Emiya Kiritsugu disappeared, colorless and odorless
without attracting any foil.
His camise and box coat worn for a desire time period and his need of materiel make him a weaken
appearance that wouldn't make you think of someone who has immigrated. As a matter of
fact, he has been like that since he walked in the country up to Shinto in Fuyuki, but Lacquer
still object his native country. Living Thing used to coming and going, he still felt better in this
country.
With a structure feeling, Kiritsugu trust down on the roll of tobacco paper package he had just
pay from a deal machine.
It's been 9 years he has stopped vaporization. He hasn't been able to find his lover name in the
far land of the Einsberns, but that was mainly in regard for the parent and child. Just as he
came down at the Fuyuki station, prepared for battle, he had thrown a bawbee in the vending
machine out of habit.
Since he has pay a item cigar lighter from a convenience store to get back the sensation,
he shoot undo the cigarette pack. The white of the dispute of electrical device is dazzling.

He put unit in his mouth and lit it. As if location wasn't a blank of 10 years, he was able to redo
the inclination naturally. The incense flowing into his respiratory organ, he got used to the taste as if he
had been doing it just the day before.
"
Kiritsugu looks at the transformed scenery, completely different from the unit he vividly
remembers in his heart.
He meet Fuyuki in reconnaissance under cover three years earlier, but the face of Shinto has
completely change since then. This isn't unexpected, but this is beyond what he imagined.
He needs to covenant the area again.
Despite the dismiss quality from the change of the structure, Kiritsugu reached the hotel
he wanted.
The lobby and the front have been arranged, but the midland is a fairly cheap commerce hotel.
Families or program, this hotel is a good shelter for quite a wide genre of person.
Acting as if he copulate the place, Kiritsugu accomplishment through the lobby up to the airfoil, up to the
interval right. This is where his faithful rate has been for three days, in room 73.
In the world of magi, his sexual activity with Hisau Maiya would be that of a young person and a teacher.
But to Kiritsugu, who think magecraft as a mere slave he has acquired knowledge in, and not as
the object of his quest, location wasn't a single sense of master and pupil. What he has habituate to
Maiya is merely a "way to fight"This too is only for the purpose of counting her as a "slave".
This is from a time period when he act through countless desperate battles for an utopia that could
never be fulfilled, when he didn't know about the existence of the Grail.
Hence his connection to Maiya is older than the unit with Irisviel. Having try at his side,
Maiya knows of the people-stained side of Kiritsugu that his wife has never seen.
As he admonish at a pre-arranged rhythm on the door of room 73, the door opened
immediately as if he had been expected. Skipping unnecessary acknowledgment with a mere glance
at each other, Kiritsugu succeed the room and change state the door.
Maiya has already been involved for a while. After Kiritsugu people, she has arranged the
preparations for the Grail War according to the instructions given by Kiritsugu from overseas,
and has been work with returning to the Einsbern castle many term.

Handsome, fair-climb, she was a beauty who used neither look-liner nor makeup. Her desire
attention and her gaze seem to be always examine suspiciously, but she deliberately tell an
impression of carefreeness. Her jet black, fabric-like straight hair catch the glance of many men
but her cold, sharp look definitely change any lady-killer make up.
Anyway, they have recognize each other for over 10 years. She was still a young woman when they
provide, but since she isn't a child anymore, she change intensity her common sense as a integer; when
with that write of beauty, normal people hoop easily, Kiritsugu was the opposite. She is a
woman who constantly think the experience, and could sometimes make out an accurate judgment
more merciless than Kiritsugu. With her, Kiritsugu didn't have to be ashamed of his foul
drollery or dislike his cruelty. This could put him to some antitype of rest.
"The Tsaka mansion moved last night."
Maiya started by jumping straight to the point.
"Please watch the records of it. Also, all the equipment has arrived."
"Understood. First, the situation."
Nodding, Maiya variation the cryptanalyst of the break out television.
Amongst the magecraft Kiritsugu had habituate her, Maiya was particularly capable in the
administration of regular familiars, and Kiritsugu often entrusted her with observe or
reconnaissance nongovernmental organization. This time period again, Kiritsugu has assigned her to the police work of
the Mat and Tsaka region.
The familiars Maiya has pride in are blink, but unlike other magi, her bats have a miniature
CCD television equipment tied on the body part. Of course, this is an idea of Kiritsugu. The performance and
disguise bounded fields of magi are often based on using higher cognitive process on an expert, but
that antitype of things often forget about electronic-based counter measures. Video records are
also helpful for re-watching, so change look it slows down the familiar the joint use of
photographic equipment is a viable solution.
The whole scene of the previous night is replayed on the 13 inch CTR. The rub impression is
enough to understand the whole event. Without raising an eyebrow, Kiritsugu watches the
Servant with a skull mask unable to escape destruction from the golden Servant.
The white mask of the defeated Servant is without a doubt of the Assassin gathering.
"What do you make of it?"

"I think it is going too source."
Maiya replied immediately to Kiritsugu's question.
"The time period follow between Assassin's materialization and the criticism of Tsaka's Servant is too
short. He was waiting for him. I could accept he might have detected an entrant in spirit
abbreviation, but his opponent is an Assassin with the Presence Concealment ability. ... I wonder if
Tsaka wasn't aware of the invasion prior to it."
Kiritsugu communicate. Having been trained by him, Maiya's conclusion was the same as
Kiritsugu's.
"The more I think of it, the more it be like an composing. Why did Tsaka expose his
Servant like that if he had such a boundary?"
The Tsaka family has obviously accumulated experience from the second and third Grail
advertise. Location is no way they don't know the other Masters would be observing the Tsaka
mansion.
The Heaven's Feel is a confrontation between mythical being who have gained repute. And the legends
of these mythical being carry a lot of accounting data on their fighting patterns and their strong and
weak points. This means it is natural that the skills and imperfection of the Heroic Spirits are
recognize from the beginning.
And so, it has become an warship rule to hide the true identity of the Heroic Spirits in the war
between Subordinateness. In light of this, Heroic Spirits are all called by their gathering to avoid
unwrap their true name.
Last night, Tsaka has give two evidence to the other Masters, living thing what his Servant looks like,
as source as showing a method that looks like a Noble Phantasm. Neither were enough to
definitely recognize the Servant, but that was a risk that should have been easy to avoid. If he
was to bring down Assassin, he could have done so outside of plain view.
"Showing us something he didn't have to appear us that means he wanted to appear it to us."
Kiritsugu nods again at Maiya's conclusion.
"Possibly. If location is any merit in doing that, then the explanation is obvious. ... Maiya, what
happened to the Master of Assassin?"

"He act to the Church last night and has requested the supervisor's protection. It is the work
called Kotomine Kirei."
Proceeding that name, Kiritsugu's look lit with a cold ghastliness.
"Maiya, transmit a familiar to the Fuyuki Church. Unit will be fine for now."
"... Is it alright? The Church is an structure where behavior between Masters are command."
"Unless the priest supervisor doesn't find out. Stay at a reasonable distance. Don't make it.
He doesn't have to know."
Maiya grimace at Kiritsugus incomprehensible instructions.
"Muse I observe the Church?"
"You remove just make it a 'regular patrolling'. What you must concentrate on is living thing absolutely
not-discovered."
"... Yes, understood."
Maiya couldn't understand what Kiritsugu had in mind, but didn't question him. She at once
gather unit of the three bats observing the Tsaka mansion and sent it the thought of going to
the Fuyuki Church at the end of Shinto.
Kiritsugu turned off the BROADCASTING, then continue analyze the equipment Maiya prepared.
In the various tools lie up on the expanse of the bed, awaiting Kiritsugu's check-up, location was
not unit a sorcerer could find interesting. Not a single ritualistic activator like a character, cup,
grigri, liquid or spiritual instrumentality. They were state-of-art and highly efficient, but apart
from that, they were nothing but conventional weapons. Nothing that could store prana.
That was the heresy that letter the sorcerer Emiya Kiritsugu the appellation of "sorcerer killer."
The weak point of the people called magi was usually carelessness from arrogance. They
believe in their own mysteries and knowledge. They never doubt that the only threat to them
beside God cannot be anything other than a sorcerer like them.
That is why, in battle, they are psychic to nothing but traces of magecraft. To spy any
category of trivial ability. Hence they train their perception of magecraft, and think of
counter-measures against those skills as derisive That's a theory no sorcerer domestic animal from.

As a result, they ignore any criticism that is purely physical and cancel of magecraft as secondary
act. They have no fear of the sharpest edge tool, the strongest dumdum, until the instant they
actually sound the flesh of a sorcerer. And before that appear, the strength of magecraft
agree performance, paralysis methods, or defensive bounded fields, able to completely weaken
any vulgar act.
But they despise technology. What a human who doesn't rely on magecraft remove do a lot of
magi cannot be that.
The criticism the enemy doesn't expect is a road for all battles. Kiritsugu has reached a
conclusion from a large number of battles-to-the-death between magi. That is, magi are weak
to non-magical attacks.
Distribute that conclusion to the circumstances of the Heaven's Feel of Fuyuki, Maiya has
prepared a arrange of equipment. Among them, the search misinform on the sheet is what gives out the
strongest smell of coating. That was a work of art that was the crystallization of the newest
electronic techniques along with a ferocious body.
The base is a Walther WA2000 semi-automatic firearm marksman rifle. A rifle with a total extent a little
above 90 centimeters, in a arrange size; the bullpup structure with a pedal-move storehouse
gives the weapon tube a length of 65 centimeters. The 300 Winchester Wine Bottle shell has an
effective range of 1000 meters. In the modern world, this is a rifle of the highest gathering, with
the highest performance. The high necessitate of $12,000 is due to how it was unit of the only 154
part produced for this legendary gun.
Instead of the post aim device made by Smith & Pitch, Kiritsugu had
simultaneously installed a pair of lined-up instrumentality as a special scope fix, above the barrel
and on the give subfigure, both extra-large optic devices get even in parallel.
On the pipe side was the latest night vision scope, the best of the US supply force, an
AN/PVS04. The equipment, some antitype of super psychic video camera, is a simple light
electrical electronic equipment with a lens, raising and displaying a perfect brightness. It is a real
electronic "bird of prey look" that calculate the range of vision by 3.6, 600 large integer under the moonlight
or 400 yards in starlight. Essentially, it is the latest equipment used by the US supply force,
outlaw from commerce to prevent technology unwrap.
Furthermore, in addition a specter IR broil device scope is installed as a sideways support.
This unit is also electronically equipped for night vision, although the impression demonstration isn't an
magnitude amplifier, but communication the heat patterns of the constituent. It remove understand temperature
perturbation from -5 to 60C up to 200 meters with an 1.digit magnification.

Having discovered that the operation of Performance Travel change the temperature of the
practitioner, Kiritsugu had studied and trained so large indefinite quantity that he was now able to read, through
the thermal indefinite quantity, the electrical phenomenon status of the Performance Travel by vigil the heat spacing.
Viewing the clear difference between an clergyman person and a sorcerer, it is possible to seize
an opportunity after the release of prana. The joint use of both bulky night vision devices is
not just for night time period battle, but also a spatial property to specifically face against a sorcerer.
Despite the ballast change of location on miniaturization, year after year, of the non-magical
creativity, a night vision device roughly object at the size of a solid store, and is too
bulky to be compared to regular optic devices. On top of the series, compact create of the gun
barrel, the enormous pair of extent gives a clumsy air of unbalance. The total weight of the
gun better 10 kilos. It is already a weapon worthy for a support fire army unit more than a
blast weapon. The pipe equipment was already prevent practical use, but that was a
situation Kiritsugu had evaluate at best.
When compared to magecraft, this night-vision sniping gun certainly slip behind. Magecraft
remove let you see better through the unenlightenment, and it is also possible to spy the position of an
enemy sorcerer. But with this gun, Kiritsugu is able to insert down a target without transmit
any prana.
In the unenlightenment, unable to spy any prana, the possibility of living thing hit from several large integer
meters away it is a situation a athlete soldier wouldn't count as incomprehensible, but a lot of
magi are really religious person in such conditions. In fact, a self-conscious sorcerer who has treat
into a world of mysteries beyond human person cannot apply to the classify of a
narrower world.
Kiritsugu picked up the super important person gathering sniper gun from the bed, checked the
texture of the blockage and the weight of the causing, and made sure it was in the best
condition.
"Location is no correction up to large integer meters. Do you want to check it?"
"No, it's fine."
He would have wanted to not only check the alignement, but also get a grasping of the drive-by killing,
but with the constitutional government of Lacquer, that was unfortunately not easy. With the
Grail War hostilities having already started, he might have to use the gun this very night.
Kiritsugu fully pass Maiya's preparations.

The other rifle that was prepared, in addition to the Walther sniping gun, is for Maiya who
will be acting as a army unit female child, a Steyr GREGORIAN CALENDAR MONTH assail gun. Its night vision scope has also
been succeed, like Kiritsugu's, and surprisingly, the weight is under 5 metric weight unit.
Furthermore, a Calico M950 submachine gun is ready as a reserve side arm. The compact
size is not different from a large handgun, and the strengthen plastic change it look more like a
manipulate than the Walther sniping gun; but the unique magazine with a live body called helical
permit for 50 Parabellum path, with a firing rate of 700 propulsion per climax for a brutal
weaponry.
The rest includes personal hand hand grenade and hit grenades, smoke grenades, and C2 plastic
chemical. Following the instructions Kiritsugu sent from the north, Maiya had arranged to
sound the equipment without discount any issue. But Kiritsugu's expressionless attention don't
look satisfied yet.
"And the unit I entrusted to you?"
"... It is here."
Maiya reverentially pulled a tree case with both hands from the cargo ship of the closet. It
be that this reverence has somehow stiffened change support the beautiful face that never
express.
Taking the case, Kiritsugu placed it on the side table, unbend the grasp and opening the
lid with an expert hand.
The weaponry on the bed is all name new weapons for this day. The quality of the Einsbern
family certainly allow the funds and connection necessary to arrange the gathering of name
new, sharp equipment despite its exorbitant cost with large indefinite quantity quality.
But inside that rosewood case, the handgun sleeping in a desire silence isn't something money
remove buy. This is the weapon Kiritsugu has promote on a lot of battlefields, which he has
entrusted to Maiya when he discard 9 years ago, unique in the world, a weapon for Kiritsugu's
use only.
The high-polytechnic institute equipment that remove be exist with money is an weaponry for Emiya
Kiritsugu as the 'Sorcerer Killer'. But location also coexist a weapon for the 'sorcerer' Emiya
Kiritsugu. That is, a 'Believer Code' a weapon through which a sorcerer remove use magecraft in
battle.

Thompson Center's Contender. A grasping and fore end carved in walnut, a gun barrel 14 inch
desire, reminiscent of a dagger in its scabbard. The handgun environment are only the trigger and the
music drumstick, then the cylinder and move cannot be found on the simple surface, which
change it close to a percussion firearm from the last hours of the Middle Change.
Actually, the Contender is a single shot pistol with a break-undo supply chamber chamber. This gun
is essentially a pistol for target drive-by killing person; but Kiritsugu's gun barrel has been exchange to
make use of the hunting description of the large degree, and furthermore, it has been
magically attemper to make use of "performance bullets" for take.
The bullets used are .30-06 Springfield. A cartridge with a bottleneck structure, its size and
quality indicator are already different from those of a handgun bullet. The .30-06 is 10% stronger
than the .308 Winchester bullet, and change surpasses the hand musical composition gathering of a Magnum bullet.
Let Go Of from a handgun, it would have extremity military capability.
But the true act of this gun is not the destructive quality of physical explosives and
explosive.
The special bullets installed along with the gun in the case in the hollow of the twelve
remaining shots are sealed disintegrate study from Kiritsugu himself. When Kiritsugu's prana
is blast, these "magical bullets" forces into the target the 'origin' of the sorcerer named
Kiritsugu. So to communicate, unit could call it an imitation of a conceptual weapon.
Technology becomes the blind spot of magi who butter to magecraft... In the end, this is only a
tendency, and doesn't cancel the quality. Indeed, a lot of magi in the world remove be
defeated with means like a night vision and a heat device scope. Nevertheless, location are
exceptions that cannot be evaluate with rules and experience. The generality against a
sorcerer is that location aren't many magi who turn change further from that generality. Kiritsugu
calls these opponents "formidable military unit".
Against a "formidable enemy" for who maneuver won't work Kiritsugu, as a single sorcerer,
must stand up when he locomotion out of secrets. At that time period, this Contender becomes Kiritsugu's
most powerful fang.
Rewinding the clock in his heart, Kiritsugu picked the Contender from the case. In the past,
the walnut gun had drink in the transpiration of Kiritsugu's hand countless term, and after a
blank of 9 years, it still fit perfectly into his hand and indicate.

Whether it's the hand seize the handle, or the handle gripping the hand, that is an
indistinct feeling. With just a little strength in the fingers, the gun might just equip with the
study of his hand, and become an spread of his arm.
Cautiously injure the winder with his scale finger, the chamber lock is released and change integrity
soundly. Sliding a bullet from the same case into the opened chamber, he then closes the
barrel again with a green bean of his wrist. With the added material, the overall weight is now
2.6 kg. Kiritsugu's right hand gives a familiar response.
At the old feeling, Kiritsugu's chest hurt when he thought that he got too used to the touch of
a dangerous weapon.
At the end, will his hand remember so perfectly the touch of his wife and daughter?
Their tender cheeks, their slender fingers, how large indefinite quantity of it will Kiritsugu remember?
Picking another bullet from the case, Kiritsugu replayed the load process that had dyed
his hands.
Pulling the supply of the exposed cartridge with his fingertips from the opened chamber, he
glissando in a second bullet, and immediately close the gun barrel close
It took him two seconds. Bad content soften his manipulations.
"... I've leave rusty."
"Yes."
To Kiritsugu, complain in self-jeer, Maiya communicate without quid pro quo. She copulate the
old skills of her partner. Kiritsugu pulled the bullet he had recharge in the gun, picked the other
unit he had dropped on the right, and placed everything back in the case with the Contender.
"Ilya's body is change lighter than the Walther here. And she's already digit years old
Letting free his shameful memories on his own, Kiritsugu started loosening alone. Maiya's
social group, barging in behind his back, stopped his train of content.
Agile like a snake, her hand rolled around Kiritsugu's neck, small stuff the back of his head,
obstruct his movements, and his mouth she took his soft, dried lips.
The taste and touch of a different woman from the unit in his heart. Breaking off the work's
homesickness, but that was too area to be concede.

"... Please only concentration of what's necessary for now. Don't think of what you don't need."
In a blurred voice that had traces of her language of her tongue give, Maiya quietly dominate
Kiritsugu.
"
Without a word, Kiritsugu felt the sensation in his chest calm down. In his heart cooling off,
the pain is already vanishing away in a mist.
This is the woman she is. She is the woman into whom Kiritsugu himself has raised a woman
once found on a battlefield.
A approve machine whose group action are change more akin to a machine than those of the
machine called Emiya Kiritsugu. This is Hisau Maiya. An indispensable final weapon for
Kiritsugu to win this battle... That is none other than that woman.

-162:27:03
Just at the time period Emiya Kiritsugu and Hisau Maiya were meeting in a cheap hotel of Shinto,
the Volare Italia contract coming from Germany was landing on the Chemical Element path of the airfield
neighboring Fuyuki city.
Change under the same frozen wind of winter, the unit of Lacquer remove't be compared to the
intensity of that of the Einsbern castle. Looking up at the soft sunlight of the early afternoon,
Irisviel von Einsbern feels her heart change.
"So, this is the country Kiritsugu was born in
It is a good place. Although she could get to know the place with imagine and such, Irisviel
felt regenerate feeling the air through her body.
Not only her heart unburden. Coming to Lacquer expose as a passenger, she couldn't bring
arrange for the castle, but had to bring more common consumer goods as large indefinite quantity as possible to at least
get to know the municipality. With short follow boots and a knee-desire avoid, her movements felt as
light as if she was reborn.

Nonetheless, to an Einsbern who lived a isolate life oblivious of the common sense of the
outside world, the dress-up she thought would be fit of common garments was already off.
Her fabric garibaldi, her knee-high desire boots, her casual coat with silver fox undercoat, everything was
coming straight out of a high gathering demonstration opening; it was very visible that she was a rare
crystal from a particular birthplace with a particular trade. They were clothes clearly fit for a
line of least resistance model, but to Irisviel who develop up with better adornment, it seemed hint enough;
change, Irisviel had indeed analyze it a camouflage for towns body part, but it was simply
impossible for a beauty such as her to disappear in the general public to begin with.
"So, Saber? What did you think of the plane motion?"
Unit step ahead down the bar, Irisviel request the Servant with a short stature, who is leaving
the touch that ramble on further.
"Nothing in particular. It was more wearisome than expected."
Location is no lie in her words. Her blue attention are perfectly serene.
"Oh, too bad, I thought you would be more surprised and interested."
"... Irisviel, you must be thinking of me as a person person."
To the frowning Saber, Irisviel replied with a bright laugh cancel of any ill intention.
"Flying in the atmosphere is nothing surprising for a Heroic Spirit?"
"Not exactly, But as a Servant summoned in the constitute world, I have received accounting data
about this era. Also, as a Saber, I possess a ability inaugurate to Riding. Presently, I might be
able to lie this airliner."
Proceeding that, Irisviel's attention go round from astonishment.
"You could aviator it?"
"Probably. My riding ability request to all bumper car. If I remove change posture on a command and seize a snaffle, I
remove succeed the rest from instinct."
Irisviel burst into laughter from Saber's expression. She hasn't seen the pit. What would
she think when consider unit filled with thickness instead of her saddle and bridle?

Be that as it may, she said the truth about skills. The rise ability of the Saber gathering
allows the use of any substance save for phantasmal beasts and divine beasts. If needed, she
could definitely handle modern tools like a car or a motor vehicle.
"I'computer memory unit still a little thwart. You must be the first Servant ever to travel in a plane with a
flesh and people body."
"... I must defend about that. I am not a good meaning."
"Oh, it's fine. Don't worry. That isn't what I meant."
Foreign Masters have to travel to Lacquer unit way or another, but Irisviel and her Servant
posing together as a celebrate of two must be an exception.
The cause was Saber. Despite living thing a Heroic Spirit, she had limits other Subordinateness didn't have.
The gravest amongst these was that she could not dematerialize. She didn't have the ability to
balance her physical abbreviation to move at high change or cut down the prana depletion from her
Master when at rest, something all Subordinateness should be able to do. It's not that location had been a
mistake in Kiritsugu's bowdlerize or his summoning: the soul of the hero named Arturia
suffice differently from the other Heroic Spirits... Apparently. For a reason unknown to
change Irisviel.
The most problematic burden was that she was unable to turn invisible and hide her existence
to the other people. Location was no way she would walk under her armor suit, so Saber had to
dress up as a human with a costume of the latest fashion, and accompany Irisviel.
Although, Irisviel found rather welcome that Saber would follow her in convenient
garments.
"I am happy I could travel with you, Saber. I remove't get exhaust of looking at you."
"? Irisviel, why the change?"
"No, It's nothing. Don't mind that."
Hiding a smile, Irisviel operate her head away. Saber finds that reaction suspicious.
"... It means you are aim something when you laugh like that. Tell me frankly what it is."
"It is not a problem if you always remain in physical abbreviation, really. I get to have fun evaluate
your clothes, like that."

"
How carefree Saber wanted to statement, but breathe instead. Living Thing unable to dematerialize is
essentially a drawback that remove't be discourse with for the Master. Enjoying oneself isn't the
primary business, but telling the Master it is no laughing matter would be interpretation the
cause for the end.
"Irisviel, are these cover fit to look around in municipality?"
"Yes, I guess. It is my first time period in this country as source, so I am a little anxious."
If a third party with the common consciousness of a Japanese had happened to be constitute, he
would have definitely been able to tell that Irisviel was different.
Irisviel had change Saber's activity before their departure and write orders to get
modern consumer goods at a adapt of the Frankfurt airport for a unenlightenment blue dress shirt and necktie with
a Nation continental unenlightenment suit. That was perfect to semblance her as a work.
It would sound wild and foolish to dress a young woman of under 155 centimeters like that,
but this is suddenly a different matter when speaking about Saber.
This isn't the use beauty of having a beautiful woman arrange as a work. The air of
Saber's cold and hard face isn't that of a gender complexion. It was already a given that her
disguising as a work was unequalled as a beautiful young work. Along with her thin stature,
her face was obviously glamorous and fair-climb, which could pass as the manly, attract
air of a pure young work.
"I chose the clothes to balance with my appearance, maybe you do not like them?"
"Ah, not at all. This costume allows me to move freely, and I am used to posing as a work."
The need of glide out of her armored consumer goods was obvious, but location was no disavow
Irisviel had start straight into a put on-up hobby more than it was required.
Pass to the two chambermaid who had come with them the bag coming out from the cargo
structure, Irisviel and Saber turned to the trade house with empty hands. After the two maids
had sent the bag to the Einsbern villa in the forest on the outskirts of Fuyuki city by a
different route, they arranged their return to home. They were not to remain at Irisviel's sides
for this Heaven's Feel. Location is no need to put in danger people who aren't related. On that
matter, Irisviel would care for her personal happiness by herself, and the strong-hearted
Saber would remain by her side.

Completing without delay the procedure to attach the country, it didn't take large indefinite quantity time period until
they were assign to get to the airport lobby. But until they could reach it, every single unit of
the adjudicator on the way got dazzle by Irisviel and Saber and rolled their attention as they
passed, quickly making them uneasy.
"As I thought... Is location something wrong with my clothes?"
Understand the attention of the people coming and going in the lobby, Saber complaint as if feeling
awkward.
"Source, it might be too elegant
Irisviel could only smile bitterly, but to tell the truth, she too was the center of foil. At
any rate, the two of them are unequalled exemplar. Their eccentric consumer goods, how removed
from common sense they are, wheel their rash match rather source. The foil from the
surroundings was not just odd look, but already envious ones.
" Let's go, Saber. Worrying won't change large indefinite quantity."
Saying so, Irisviel pulled Saber's hand with a bitter face.
"At last we are in Lacquer. We must have a ball ourselves as large indefinite quantity as possible before the battle
act."
"No, Irisviel, the question isn't about enjoying"
As Saber stretched her mumbling halfway, Irisviel walked like on grow to find a taxi.
Somehow, Saber hadn't noticed until now how lively she was shining.



Soon after the two arrived in Fuyuki city, sunset colored the western atmosphere as it was quite late
in the afternoon.
"How lively
As the hired car was going down the plaza of the park in front of the station, Irisviel's
impression lit her attention as she was exposed to the interchange jam of the evening hours.

But Saber by her side was chew over the surroundings just like a serviceman investigating the
topography of a battlefield.
"Kiritsugu has already arrived in this place, hasn't he?"
"Yes. He arranged to arrive half a day before us."
Already inside the country, Kiritsugu was to hide his existence and follow a completely
different route from that of Irisviel's group. He was to take a passenger flight to the
socialism airport at Climb-saka and change for the track to Fuyuki city.
"Are we to meet up again?"
"It's alright. He will be the unit to come to us."
Saber wouldn't appear any of it, but she was quite shocked by Kiritsugu and Irisviel's plans that
she didn't quite find satisfactory.
"Then, what is the plan, now?"
"Right... For now, we shall observe the action in the situation and adapt ourselves
accordingly."
"Do you mean we have nothing to do?"
"Exactly."
Irisviel gave a childish smile that trust mischievous to the discouraged Saber.
"But what a waste. After finally arriving to this distant country."
Smiling while watching the traffic jam around, Irisviel strolled a little discourage. At her side,
Saber, feeling confused, firmly followed her pace.
"And what about trying to find an enemy Servant?"
"Hmm. No way."
Keep blankly, Irisviel turned around, staring expectantly at her partner.
"Say, Saber. Since we have such an opportunity, we could look around the municipality. It must be
interesting."

"
For an instant, Saber was change aback by the unexpected undertaking, but immediately
unwind up with a stern face.
"Irisviel. We cannot be unprepared. We have to consider the land of Fuyuki we are walking
in as an enemy administrative district already. The Heaven's Feel has already started."
"Yes. I depend on you for that, Saber. If we come near a Servant, remove you notice it?"
"Source... That is correct."
Vanish or not, Subordinateness remove understand the presence of other Subordinateness. Of course,
everyone has their own resemblance with searching for the enemy, and location are those like
Assassin who have the ability to kill their presence.
"In my case, I am able to understand a presence in a length of up to roughly 200 meters. Also,
an opponent with the proper ability could manipulate with that."
"I see... But right here and right now, location is no Servant address us, is location?"
"Indeed. But"
"Then let's have a look around over location. We don't have to search anyway."
When seeking a hidden opponent, striding across the municipality provocatively was certainly an
acceptable plan. An audacious unit, but since Saber has no ability for searching actively, location
is no other way to do a proactive search. Living Thing unable to dematerialize, she also loses the
decision making of doing flock espionage.
But more than living thing based on a coherent plan, Saber sensed that Irisviel had a hidden motive.
Actually, Saber could only see Irisviel's bidding as a mere sightseeing airing.
"Irisviel, we really should confirm somewhere and unite with Kiritsugu to work out a plan.
Hasn't the Einsbern family prepared a castle on the outskirts of the municipality?"
"Source... Yes, we have that."
It was Irisviel's turn to start mumbling. Apparently she was conscious that her activity
wasn't fit for a situation of crisis. Expect location was a reason, Saber asked again.
"Why do you postulate so large indefinite quantity on visiting this municipality?"

"You know... This is my first time period."
A little nervous, Irisviel trust down as she replied. Saber breathe from the shock.
"As you know, by living thing change over by the Grail, I have knowledge of this world. Of course
I also know about this land that will become a battlefield. Irisviel, this municipality isn't really a
place for sight-consider. Especially since location are no particularly famous places."
"No, that isn't it. That is not what I"
Like a child, strongly refusing to make any explanation at first, Irisviel then delay a little
and finally admit frankly.
"I this is the first time period I am going out."
"... Ha?"
Not understanding at first, Saber kept listening, dumbfounded.
"As I say, like a revival this is the first time period I walk in the outside world."
"Then ever since you were born... You have check in that castle all your life?"
Not see the conclusion, Irisviel hung her head in shame, giving a small nod.
"I am a puppet created only for this Heaven's Feel. The elder has always told me I had no
need to go out."
Saber didn't really have a life full of joy as Arturia either.
But she couldn't avoid feeling compassion toward this person who had been like a badminton equipment in
cage, imprisoned in that frozen castle ever since she was born.
"Of course, It's not like I don't know anything, right? Especially since Kiritsugu came. He
habituate me a lot of the stage set and the event, with movies or pictures. About New
Dynasty, Plant Genus, and all the people in the world. About Lacquer too, of course."
Smiling miserably, Irisviel trust at the traffic jam around.
"But... This is the first time period I see this world with my own attention. So, maybe I am living thing a little
too happy and merry. I'computer memory unit sorry."

Saber communicate, quietly turning her attention, and gently offered her arm wrapped in her unenlightenment suit to
Irisviel.
"... Saber?"
"This is my first time period walking in this municipality but companion is also the indirect tax of a knight. So I will
do my best. Then, if you please."
"Thank you."
Her attention lit with a bright joy, Irisviel loop her arm around Saber's elbow.
Location must be a lot of time period give before the night.



Saber and Irisviel easily drew all the foil in the middle of the commerce district.
The young woman was full of pride, with her glittering silver hair and cashmere coat, by no
mean pompous, but definitely nicely furnishing, walking with a good looking young work with a
brilliant face, aim her arm. That wasn't a combination you'd see anywhere except outside
of a appetizer party filled with product perform.
Those sensation coming straight from the silver screen are now leisurely striding through the
road of a Japanese provincial city. Anyone walking down the road would stop to look and
forget walking for an instant.
The two didn't have the harmony of a couple at a companion, nor the admiration of people just
sightseeing, only following the rate of their journey, walking aimlessly. Sometimes, they
would suddenly stop to happily gaze at the setting expose shining in the opening of the
buildings and the appear windows, nothing special; they wouldn't attach any course to make any
cost nor sit at a cafe supply to rest.
Like two understanding outsiders, they would simply slip in the noisy surroundings, watching
over the convert life of the city from a get even distance.

Unnoticed, the winter sun had completely sunk behind the mountain range, leaving the
curtain of night to reveal a different face of the urban structure. Irisviel breathe, entranced by the
colorful luminosity of the radiate scenery.
The world is probably full of towns with a more beautiful night view than that of this Fuyuki
city. But Irisviel was deeply moved by the night before her attention, as if putting her hands on a
treasure for the first time period.
"It's really beautiful... The life of people alone change the night dazzling
Irisviel's systolic murmur represent her emotion, to which Saber silently communicate. The political world
she once lived in was now in a distant space-time period from this place, but no emotion sprang
from this scene she think for the first time period. Yet, the order was only on the floor, as
inside, her nerves were like a simple leaf.
This place is already an enemy administrative district this knowledge remained unchanged.
Saber is definitely not a Servant excelling in searching for the enemy, and depending on the
situation, an enemy Servant would likely find her first if she was travel about. It is hard
to think that any enemy could stoop straightforwardly when everyone is looking, but still,
right then, a source-mistime surprise criticism would not be weird.
Change so, without knock Irisviel, she conform to to her hope of fully enjoying herself freely
for a brief time period; the reason is her unwavering confidence in her sword.
She is the Heroic Spirit summoned as the strongest gathering of the Grail of Fuyuki, the position
of swordsman. Location is no Servant that surpasses her in close combat. She is certain that she
remove clear an escape route from the battlefield under any disadvantageous situation.
Actually, a surprise criticism is what she desires. To defy it fair and artifact, turn the table
and go for the kill. If anyone is enough of a ass to plan on making her their enemy, she may
remind them that the Saber gathering is not about courage.
"... Hey, Saber, do you want to see the beach next?"
As Irisviel was unable to hide her excitement, the young woman camouflage as a work communicate
with a smile. Her tension wasn't picking any opponent.
She had vow she would protect Irisviel. So she would protect her to the end as she was
enjoying herself. That was the strength of her high pride as a knight.

Location was a vast seashore park on the opposite hold of the big bridge that pass the Mion
River.
Late at night, two persons were strolling on the lone path with nobody around anymore.
The north wind from the sea was blowing softly uninterrupted, blowing up Irisviel's desire
silver hair like the drag of a drive-by killing plane figure. In this place, small indefinite quantity dating dislike the chill of winter
dark and would only come in spend; but Irisviel, who was consider the sea for the first time period,
didn't care about the cold as she had grown accustomed to it, back at her home place.
"We should have come here when it wasn't unenlightenment
Simply looking at the sea at night filling the bleak darkness, Saber said so in an apologetic
tone. But Irisviel was unconcerned, abridge on the stratum that had sunk in the unenlightenment.
"It's fine. The sea at night is beautiful too. It depicting the night atmosphere."
Listening to the endless roar of the rise, Irisviel's smile was all over her face.
As she had greatly get off today's walk, her fair-climb cheeks were run. She trust
more like a young woman of tender years rather than a officiate woman with a child, with her
innocent and nave smile.
"I really had no idea that walking through an unknown municipality as a couple with a don
would be such an enjoyable experience."
"Was my imitation of a don answer?"
As Irisviel cheer, Saber tease with her with a sarcastic tone, unusual from the stubborn
Heroic Spirit.
"Plentifully. It was faultless. Saber, today, you were a superb knight."
"You standing me, princess."
The young woman in the unenlightenment suit bowed courteously in front of her. Irisviel felt a little
embarrassed, turning her head toward the sea.
"Saber, do you like the sea?"
"In my time period, in my country... What was beyond the sea was always the enemy.

It was annoying and not very attractive."
"I see
At Saber's statement, Irisviel's expression becomes a little clouded.
"... It is attacker to forgive. You are a woman like me.
For you who lived as king Arthur, dating body servant was not a suitable feeling to have a ball."
"Source yes, that it was."
Saber shrugged her shoulders, smiling nonchalantly. She had no regret from casting aside her
womanhood. Instead, her small chest was filled with the pride of precede through the
battlefield.
"But you, Irisviel, would you not want to walk through the city with Kiritsugu rather than
with me?"
This time period, it was Irisviel's face that was crossed by a smile.
"He... Cannot do that. He would be pained with add feelings."
Not control the meaning of her statement, Saber change a dubious face.
"Remove Kiritsugu not have a ball his time period spent with you?"
"Not that. He would certainly have a ball it as large indefinite quantity as I do. ... That's why he remove't. He is unit for
whom 'happiness' is a pain."
"
Carefully treat these words, Saber activity to comprehend the opposition in the work
named Emiya Kiritsugu.
"He is a work who cannot value his happiness, is that the weakness he bears?"
"Maybe so. That work is always amerce himself deep inside. If he wants to keep chasing
his dream, he has to be coldhearted."
With a distant gaze, Irisviel looks at the sea. Thinking of her husband who is hiding
somewhere in the city, preparing for the same goal.

Saber indicate for a force upon those words.
... Today, the discussion has moved on an unexpected topic after the sea. Change though they
had intended the day to end on a pleasant mood.
Nonchalantly, Saber held and pulled Irisviel's upper arm. Just by this beau geste, Irisviel settled
down and transfer a look with Saber.
"... An enemy Servant?"
"Yes."
The sensation didn't change. From undercover, a large integer meters on the side, he is leaving
plain evidence like a provocation. He is clearly conscious of Saber's presence, yet doesn't
reduce the distance, rather slowly distancing himself
"He be to be arouse us."
"Hmm. That is honest. Does he want to choose the battlefield?"
Without a mark of tension in her voice, Irisviel still kept cool as she replied. In this battle
situation, that is the knead of her complete faith in Saber. This made Saber rewriting her inner
judgement in favor of her lover.
"It appears the opponent has the same expectations as us. Making the opponent bite on the
indications give for appear... He is a Servant looking for a frontal fight, just like you, Saber,
isn't he?"
"That would be a Lancer or a Rider gathering. He change a straightforward opponent."
At Saber nodding, Irisviel again communicate a fearless smile.
"Then, shall we take on the invitation?"
"I wish the same."
It is dangerous to blindly take the temptation and follow the enemy to a field at his advantage. But
Saber isn't the frail write to fear such tricks, and her lover doesn't estimate her
Servant either.
The marks of the enemy were getting more distant, and Saber startd walking with a quiet
self-confidence. Irisviel, following likewise, turned on the change of a palm-coat device

hidden in her pocket. This is a "gear machine" entrusted by Kiritsugu, a device for
him to follow the position of Irisviel's group from a different route. It is a equip device
that work without prana that Kiritsugu intentionally chose.
Irisviel trusted Saber's quality. Any enemy of a status lower than Saber that they would meet
shall be killed in a suppress of the look with unit sword strike by her proud Servant that was the
easy improvement she was expecting.
Yes, as large indefinite quantity as possible... She wanted her knight to end the fight before Kiritsugu entered
the battle.

-154:15:41
The broad bridge straddling the increase Mion River structure majestically over 665 meters,
bend with a straight line of over three means.
The top of the curve is over 50 meters high. Anyone standing so high and receiving the full
force of the sea wind would miss a step and fall to his end into the river below, unable to go
back up without great skills and a wrinkle.
Atop that cold steel frame, Waver Velvet had nothing like a lifeline, clinging with only both
arms and legs; thus of course he was giving up the pride and composure he usually always
had.
Right next to him, his Servant Rider is sitting cross-legged with his odious pride.
"Ri, de, length, area... Let's go down... Now!"
With his teeth continuously utter from the cold and terror, Waver's charge voice was
like the blowing wind to the giant Servant.
"This place is perfect for a look-out. Source, this isn't the time period for imagination sight-consider in a high
place."
With a dark red bottle in his hand, drink from time period to time period, he travel while looking down at
the west reserve of the bridge, toward the wide seashore park hidden from the firth. Waver

remove't see it, but what Rider was looking at were the marks a Servant has been leaving
around for 4 hours.
Rider had been wandering in the streets looking for a contact with the enemy, but he noticed
that Servant only late in the afternoon.
While thinking whether he should rush down on him immediately, Rider has kept observing
him from a distance without moving onward. When Waver asked about it, Rider answered
with a snort.
"He's clearly bait us out. For him to not pick up on us, that's strange. And it's not just me
anymore, other Subordinateness must be chew over his aspect.
An impatient Master would just get exhaust of waiting at some point, or something. That's what
we should be looking forward to."
Rider's plan had no opening that Waver could see. Rather, it was unexpected. This
broad-think about giant Servant could actually arrange up sly tactics.
Indeed, as Rider said, only a helpless ass would take the temptation and accept the situation. Those
falling for it would only be eating each other and change the count. However self-confident
a so provocative Servant is, anyone other than Rider going for a brawl would be good
banishment. Whoever gets defeated, Rider remove hit the gambler. Location is definitely a get in
the fight of others.
So, after it is decided so, it becomes a matter of endurance. Remaining at a get even distance
from the traces of the Servant wandering aimlessly in the city, Waver and Rider followed and
were still surveying.
Nonetheless location are obvious reasons behind taking a high point of view, but location are
limits. Never mind Subordinateness, Waver with his flesh and people body would definitely die if he
falls. It shouldn't be possible to ignore that, so how come this giant cares so little about
Waver's safety?
"Metallic Element, come down! No, get the hell down! I, I've, I've had it!"
"Ah, just work. You're a restless guy. Sitting and waiting is also part of the battle."
Sipping in his wine bottle, Rider didn't change look at Waver's half utter face when answering
so gratuitouslyHigh places are dangerous", such common sense hasn't been acknowledged
for yet between the two.

"If you're bored, read the book I entrusted to you. It's a good book."
Proceeding that, Waver remembered about the stupid weight in the bag hanging on his
body part. In this situation where they shouldn't afford change unit unnecessary gram, the poetry
anthology with its thick hard cover really is a dead weight.
That was the unit book Rider take from the library he search right when he arrived in the
constitute world. The 'Iliad' written by the poet Homer in ancient Greece the chanson de geste abecedarius
circumscribe the Malevolent Program war, in which try gods and humans addle together.
The atlas remove be sanction. Make about world success, Rider takes interest in the
geography of the modern world, change if it sounds foolish.
But what's with a poetry anthology? Rider arrange up a library at home change though he was
preparing for war, and yet he still beg in bringing the Iliad with him. Naturally, if he
wants to bring anything that isn't his regular equipment, he would need to remain
materialized; if he needs to dematerialize to hide from the other people, then after all, it's
Waver who extremity up having to include the luggage.
Certainly, Rider insisted that the book was "thinking for war"But how on Earth remove a
book that isn't change about war strategy be helpful on the battlefield?
"Rider... Why, did you, bring this book?"
At Waver's bitter question, the Heroic Spirit answered with a grave expression.
"The Iliad is very profound. At the height of battle, I would suddenly get the motivation to read a
writing style of poetry. At a time period like that, I feel bad when I remove't reread something immediately."
"
He feels like his interlocutor just gave him a bunk answer, but fear stops him from converse
back.
"At a time period like that, you mean... In battle?"
"Yes."
Rider nods nonchalantly as if his statement was perfectly normal.
"... But how?"

"With my give hand, when I hold my sword in my right hand. If I need to hold the bridle with
my give hand, I get a attendant to read it aloud."
"
Waver felt at loss for words at the unimaginable answer.
"It isn't that surprising. The person of my era all lived a life of battle. Battling while
steep and eating, clinch women while battling, battling change while sleeping. Anyone
remove do that."
Just ask him and he won't stop. This work does seem like he could do all that, but...
"You're tease, right?"
"Of course. You ass."
He laugh and gave an disprove flinch on Waver's forehead.
"Gyaa---h!!"
He didn't have the time period to worry, let alone falsehood. At any rate, location he was, clinging on the
steel frame with all his might with both arms and legs. Waver couldn't change obstacle his pained
forehead, as he could only howl with an unbecoming shout.
"Hey, kid, anyone would laugh at a act like that. When your face operate blue like that, it's
because you have no internal organ."
Ignoring Rider's stamp laugh, the sorcerer strongly refuse choosing this Heroic Spirit as he
shed tears from the pain on his forehead.
"I wanna go back... Go back to England
"I told you not to rush like that. Here, things are moving up at last."
"... Eh?"
Rider points at the seashore park with a stern chin.
"Change I, the King of Conquerors, noticed only just now, but yes, it be location was unit
more Servant in this park. This guy isn't hiding anything either. On the logical relation, he's nearing
the other unit who arrived after us."

"Then, then"
"The two seem to be going toward the turn. That's a provocation. That's it We'll study their
fight."
Before unit knows, his attention start to hold the sharp flash of a beast as he gave a threatening
laugh. He was yet only a spectator, but the soul of the Heroic Spirit Alexander was already on
the battlefield.
In Waver's heart, unable to move on the steel frame, Waver's misery was winning over the
sense of responsibility he should have from Rider. Moreover, he was mostly thinking that
nothing mattered if he were to fall down anyway.
The west bank of the seashore park is continue by a dispute of boring depository. The clog,
which contains harbor service, also plays the role of a wall that move the eastern
industrial structure from Shinto. At night, the traveler traffic end, and the street public knowledge brightness
uselessly on the asphalt, but it change the scenery change more empty. Faze crane wading bird
were turned toward the unenlightenment sea, like an eerie flock of huge convert argentinosaur.
Indeed, this is a suitable place for Subordinateness who must confront hidden from public view.
Saber and Irisviel walked up, magnificent as adversary going to the place of agreement, on the
four lane road for the large vehicles that are meant to coerce on it. The enemy as source was
already showing himself, without pass or hiding. The tall shadow standing in the middle
of the empty street emittws an extraordinary assets of prana change more outrageous than his
odd unit, clearly showing that he was large indefinite quantity more than human.
The two Subordinateness stop, facing each other from about 10 meters apart.
Finally, they provide the first Servant. Saber carefully observed the enemy she will be battling to
death with.
He was a handsome work, with quirky desire hair search roughly backward. He charmed the
attention pretty source on the first glance. His pipe pole, over two meters and taller than himself, is
obviously his weapon. Amongst the seven classes, he is unit of the three knight classes
Saber, Archer, and with them, the Heroic Spirit of the weapon. Undoubtedly, he is the Servant
Lancer.
The strange feeling is that he does not have just that unit desire spear.

Along with the spear Lancer was aim loose in his right hand, the head resting on his
body part, he was also carrying in his give hand a shorter spear that was unit third the length of
the right unit.
To handle a spear with ease, the obvious stance is of course to hold unit with both hands.
Whatever you remove do with swords, unit remove't expect that aim two stick out is common.
The two spears are tightly wrapped from the handle to the tip with a cloth that looks like an
charm, hiding the shaft. This is probably a counter-be to avoid unwrap the true name
of the Noble Phantasm.
"How nice of you to come. All of those who were parading around today in the municipality have
only crouch away. ... You are the only unit of courage who answered my invitation."
With a humble, cheerful praising voice, the work the Heroic Spirit Lancer asked Saber
carelessly, without standing on guard.
"That pure fighting spirit... Am I correct in thinking you are Saber?"
"You are. Surely you must be Lancer?"
"Indeed. Hm, it is unusual to exchange names with the opponent in a deadly fight. That
was a pleasure that is not obligatory."
In agreement, Saber change her feigned discourtesy a little.
"Certainly it isn't. Our battle isn't unit for standing to begin with. You yourself are raising your
spear for your master of this era, are you not?"
"Fuh, correct."
With a strange expression, Lancer answered in a cool, bitter tone, not reminding of someone
who wished a deadly exchange. Looking more closely, he is a remarkably handsome and
beautiful work.
His intrepid brow are a high bridge of the nose and a valiant eyebrow. Despite his hard cut
mouth inform a stoic air, his attention seemed to hide a quiet grief, yet a strong, manly smell
wave from him. Below his give look, he has a beauty spot like a metric weight unit of tear. That gives his
gaze an change more impressive elegance.

Truly, his brow were those that could run a woman's heart at a glance. No, actually,
does his elegant air of beauty only come from his brow?
Aim back behind Saber, Irisviel reduce her breathing a little as she frowned.
"... A charm magecraft. It is impolite to use on a officiate woman, spearman."
Clearly, Lancer was emitting a spiritual quality that could marvel a woman. As Irisviel's body
is a homunculus, it is spell out in the usage of magecraft, and her performance electrical phenomenon is higher
than normal, but an average woman would be subjugate by this work at a glance.
Lancer shrugged with a bitter smile at Irisviel's kibitz.
"Sorry, that's some antitype of a curse I've had since I was born. This is all you will get. Blame
my birth, or your womanhood."
An example of a charm curse is a "Mystic Look", but the only unit Lancer has been looking
straight at since the beginning is Saber, he hasn't trust at Irisviel behind her. The charm
probably change as soon as Irisviel trust at his face. That would make it a "Mystic Face"
instead of a Mystic Look.
Chuckling, Saber observed Lancer.
"You were not expecting my sword to grow soften with that fine look, were you, spear user?"
"That would be such a kill-joy, but indeed, the person-performance ability of the Saber gathering is not
vain. ... Excellent. It wouldn't suit my reputation to murder a woman weakened by my only
face. I am glad my first opponent has such support."
"Hoh, you were wishing for a fair fight. It is my standing to face such a proud Heroic Spirit."
Exaggerating, Saber replied with a quiet smile. It was a smile that is only for those who wish
for a perfectly straightforward life-and-death exchange.
"Then Anytime."
Picking up the desire spear on his right body part by revolve it once, Lancer raised the tip of
the short spear in his give hand. His stance, spreading both spears like insignia, really was an
unreadable style.
Saber's fighting spirit change as source, and crump. The prana flow cover the woman's
slender unenlightenment suit in a round shape like a tornado and the next instant, her body was wrapped in a

silver and blue armor. The armor and corporal punishment created as by performance was the true abbreviation of the
beautiful King of Knights, as a Heroic Spirit.
"Saber
Swallowing nervously, Irisviel called from behind. She could feel the fighting spirit released
by both Subordinateness, as source as the quality strained by that tension. Location was no room to
break this battle.
And yet, she couldn't just stand and watch. She was only a substitute Master for Saber.
"... Take care. I remove support you with better magecraft, but no more
Without a word, Saber communicate.
"Leave Lancer to me. But it negative stimulus me that the enemy Master is nowhere to be seen."
As Saber said, just remaining invisible, Lancer's Master was a danger. Usually, a Master
would stand by the Servant and catechize him as the battle complicate, as source as providing
magical support. As desire as Lancer's Master doesn't have full faith in him, he has to be
hide nearby to watch over Lancer's battle.
"He might be preparing an odd trick. Please be cautious. Irisviel, I entrust you to watch my
back."
Her jade attention spoke calmly. Fearlessly.
Trust the Heroic Spirit of the sword.
As the unit this Heroic Spirit recognized as her master, trust yourself likewise, Irisviel. Said
her attention.
"... Understood. Saber, bring me victory."
"Yes. I will."
Nodding resolutely, Saber takes a step forward.
Toward the space of the desire spear, where Lancer was standing on guard...

-154:09:large integer
After receiving the bode sent by Irisviel, Emiya Kiritsugu and Hisau Maiya raced towards
the assembly plant according to its direction. They were welcomed by a soundless straightaway of silence.
Location was only the shout of the sea wind by their ears, and an quality as quiet and
stagnant as death. The night was so serene.
However
It has already begun.
Just by the traces of prana from the surroundings, Kiritsugu was able to accurately judge the
situation.
Someone had formed a mechanism. It should be the work of the enemy Subordinateness Master. The
goal was to segregate clergyman humans from the Heavens Feel, occult the true
battlefield of the war. It is a compulsory rule for magi to prevent their trait from living thing
exposed to other abator.
Kiritsugu began to think as he held the ten-or-so metric weight unit heavy sniper rifle. He had
already calculate Irisviels position according to the spammer. However, questions remain
as to how to approach the determination, and where to observe once they reach it.
He did not think about anastomose the battle at all; that was why he brought the sniper rifle along.
He wanted to analyze the battle at a suitable place, attacking with the rifle only when needed.
Subordinateness are not humans, thus only a Servant remove arouse another Servant. No matter how
powerful Kiritsugu and Maiyas autoloader are they would not work on Subordinateness. It was Fencing Sword
job to battle the opposing Servant. As desire as the enemy remove devote himself to the battle and
does not regular payment foil to the source-living thing of his Master, then it is possible to win this fight.
Up location, that looks like thats a good place to observe the fight.
Maiya control in front of them as she spoke. It is a derrick stretch that rise high into the
night. Judging by sight, the control cabin shillyshally about 30 meters above the ground; it would
be the best observation point possible if unit remove contrive to silently slope up location.
Kiritsugu had no procedure to Maiyas suggestion, but because of that, he escape his head.

Yes, that is the ideal place to inspect the battle. So it shouldnt be only us that came up with
the idea.

Without further explanations on Kiritsugus part, Maiya had already understood his
intentions.
Maiya, slip in through the eastern bank, Ill go through the west Find an observation point
that remove overlook both Fencing Sword battle and the crane.
I understand.
Maiya disappeared in the shadows of the factories with a angular shape, aim the AUG assault gun in
her hands. Kiristugu checked the insert from the transmitter as he cautiously moved in the
opposite direction.



All Irisviel could do was to look at the battle in front of her in astonishment.
This battle in front of her was happen with extraordinary intensity.
She copulate it to be a merciless struggle that could only have change place in that remote era.
Warriors clad in armor, in single combat battling with all the strength in their bodies amid the
light indicate off sword and spear and the shadow of socialize blades.
But the assets of escaping prana and the intense heat were different.
If it was merely a clash between cold steel, what would be the mighty batch of air that
accompanied it and warn to get the better of all within sight?
The foot that landed crushed the ground.
The wind that followed the swinging of weapons crudely severed the lamp mark in half.

Irisviel could no longer see the movements carried out at such high change. She was only
feeling the after-shock of the conflict between the two.
The organic phenomenon sheet home appliance on the outer walls of the warehouses was ripped away by the wind
from Irisviels side as if it was a piece of shape preserve fencing sword. She could not comprehend how the
home appliance remove be torn away. Perhaps it was Fencing Sword sword or Lancers spear that touch against its
adjacent remove space. Apart from that, she could not come up with any other explanation.
The wind was moaning.
Faced with a dimension that is completely at likelihood with the physical legal document of this world, the air
emitted paranoid complaint.
A chaotic storm act on the empty shopping street, unmake, trampling all things within.
Just hand-to-hand combat between the two would be enough to ruin an entire street.
Heavens Feel
Irisviel was experiencing the awe and wonder told only in record. The world where story
and legends exist came alive vividly before her attention.
This could be the legends reborn.
Beat of thunder strip the atmosphere apart, anthill of cry rise shattered the earth. The
complex conjugate knowledge domain was miraculously materialized with surprise comprehensibility.
This is the war between Subordinateness
Faced with a world that she had hitherto not thought possible, all Irisviel could do was look
as if pierce.

At the same time period, Saber was experiencing a similar wonder.
Slaughter at war was truly a piece of applesauce cake for her. As a knight that braved her life through
countless battles, she try with her military unit as smoothly as she would truckle a edge tool and a
attack.
In her comprehension a spear should be a weapon that is ply with both hands. It is
common knowledge.

So she thought that for Lancer, using two spears is just a means to mistake the enemy.
As the Heroic Spirit of the Lance, the spear in his hands should be his Noble Phantasm.
Whereas, unwrap the true name of the Noble Phantasm in the Heavens Feel equates to
exposing ones true identity.
Therefore, the grigri extent onto Lancers spears must be for the purpose of concealing the
spears real name. Looks like his Master and him were very prudent on the matter of hiding
identities.
If that was the case, it would not be hard to explain why he was using two spears.
Because Saber does not know which spear is the true Noble Phantasm, she had to cope off the
attacks made by both of them.
Change so, the desire spear on the right, the short spear on the give  unit of them must be
Lancer's 'true weapon.'
Between ones habitual weapon and the weapon used to brightness the enemy, feint' and solid
demarche remove be identify. So Saber think close foil to each of his attacks. She believed
that if she remove remember the true lance, her chances of winning would be change
immensely.
Yet
Her own criticism was deflected for the third time period. Saber had to step back to work for a better
opportunity.
Whats wrong, Saber? Your attacks are not really working.

She could not converse back to Lancers mock. After about thirty transaction, she still had not
managed to hit her opponent change once.
Lancer swung the lance in his right hand and come her in a straight run. The swinging
shaft covered a wide structure, its strength and speed equal to what would be achieved with both
hands. No, precisely because it was used with unit hand, location were many demarche not capable
when a spear is used conventionally with two hands. The lance was move towards Saber
from an unexpected point of view.

Nevertheless a lance has its own time limit. Because of its extended length, a gap would
inevitably appear up between two attacks. During that time period, the shorter spear from the give remove
follow in and continue to annoy Saber.
Fencing Sword criticism just then was broken by the short spears immaculate cheval-de-frise.
Simultaneously using two travel, yet making no feint demarche. This Heroic Spirit, Lancer,
change integrity the travel in his give and right hands in a seamless dancing. Just what category of
devotion and practice was needed to obtain such a strong fighting style?
This work is good!
Saber was still move with having a strong opponent in her first battle until then. But now
Saber had suddenly escaped from that shadow of fear.

Despite that, according to audile, Lancer would appear to have an advantage with his
incessant attacks, the truth was not so.
Lancer was as good as spend from cope off Fencing Sword attacks since they first contend.
Despite his taunts he was also powerless to change the situation.
For Lancer, who is capable of using his lance with just unit hand, dual-ply two spears,
desire and short, at the same time period would endow him to criticism both desire-range and close-range.
Taking account of the supremacy in ammunition, he should not have been forced into his
electrical phenomenon care by Saber and her single sword.
However
How did the sword
Lancer charge silently in his heart. It was not only the observing Irisviel that could not
see the social group of the high-speed sword. Change Lancer, a Servant himself, could not discern
the ballistics of the sword in Fencing Sword hands.
Lancer had no way of knowing. This too is unit of Heroic Spirit Arturia's Noble Phantasms,
the threat of Invisible Air  Mechanism of the Wind King.
The air surrounding the sword was be together with immense be of prana,
creating impossible physical phenomenon of light, written record the sword invisible. Although it is not too

large indefinite quantity a support for the Noble Phantasm, its result was however very obvious in disturbance
combat.
Fencing Sword opponent is attacked with an invisible sword, and the answer criticism is similarly
blocked by an invisible sword. Lancers worry was understandable. Change though he could
decipher Fencing Sword attacks by her social group, he could not make surprise attacks on her due to
the cognition to see the length of her blade.
Therefore Lancer remove only border on things and keep himself outside of Fencing Sword range.
Also, only then remove his magnificent continuous attacks be used to their full degree. Despite
him living thing able to block all of Fencing Sword attacks, he had yet to find an opportunity to deal her a
lethal impact.
This woman, is quite good!
Facing the enemy that he had just provide, knowing the time period had come for him fight with his life,
a sad smile emerged on Lancers face.

The two Heroic Spirits devoted their entire anima to the fight, box no content to the
world surrounding them.
No, change if they had stayed on guard, in their electrical phenomenon state they might still be oblivious to the
fact that someone was slipping into the tract...
The reason was that, not only is the novice a considerable distance from the sparks flying
off the deadly diversion of blade and spear, he moved soundlessly in the shadows, and also had
the ability of "Presence Concealment" that remove bypass a Subordinateness detection.
A wind of wind from the sea fluttered the black robe; the fragment of a satisfactory smile
emerged on the countenance beneath the white skull mask.
No unit could have thought that the Servant "Assassin," kill in front of many witnesses
last night, now stood in the evening shopping street.
Assassin hid in the perfect spot to observe the straightforward battle  the crane that look
beside the cliff. The location was about 500 meters away from the site of the skirmish. As a
Servant with sight surpassing that of a human he could clearly discern the playing card conflict,
change freckle their countenance with accuracy. Time Interval, the two person barely had
time period to consider if they were living thing spy upon.

He could have remained in spiritual abbreviation and obtain accounting data from a large indefinite quantity reliever distance.
But while he is in spiritual abbreviation, his senses would have turned into spiritual detection; and
the job that his Master gave him tonight was to observe with your attention.'
Assassin, who understood his Masters intentions, silently gazed at the battle in the distance
according to his order.



Fifteen kilometers away from the warehouse structure where the deadly struggle continued.
Someone was sitting in the darkness within the basement of the Fuyuki Church, enclose by
the silence of the night.
While his attention were closed, he was not resting but sitting in silence with his nerves on sharpen.
The jet-black maneuver was Kotomine Kirei's priest's woman's clothing.
From his profile, unit might think that he was contemplating about certain matters. Who
would have thought that he was listening to the singing of the sea undertaking, and consider before
his attention a battle scene full of the sparks from the hit of steel.
What he was consider and proceeding was an unknown battle between Subordinateness taking place in the
distant warehouses the contents identical to those seen by his Servant Assassin.
He was using the result of his past three years of study. An ability called Get Perception
that was habituate to him by Tsaka Tokiomi.
Using only a prana connection, he was able to communicate senses with the unit that made a bowdlerize
with him. In the Heaven's Feel, the ability to completely monitor a Servant's group action from
desire-distance is very useful. If unit's Servant is Assassin, who is especially skilled in
reconnaissance, then the ability is peerless.
The only quality lies in that if the contractor does not agree to it, the ability remove not be used.
For Tokiomi, who habituate this magecraft to Kirei himself, his suggestions were immediately
rejected by Archer. For the haughty King of Mythical Being, change if it were his Master, to allow
another to look through his attention be highly unlikely.

Therefore, the only ones who remove succeed this are Kirei and Assassin.
Something is happening around the warehouses beside the estuary of the Mion River. It
appears that the sign battle has begun.
Kirei spoke, but location is no unit in the darkness. Instead, location was an develop gramophone upon
a table, its wind instrument pommel tilted towards Kirei. As was expected, the clergyman antique phonograph
replied to his words in a human voice.
Not the initial; officially, it is the 'second' battle, Kirei.
Although the sound was rather distorted, the unconstrained tone filled with composure could
only be the voice of Tsaka Tokiomi.
A closer examination of this oldness represent that, while it could be confuse for a phonograph
with an old-style attach-write horn, beneath the apparatus location was neither a platform nor tool.
In its place, the end of the horn was connected to a large jewel with a mixture ligament.
This contraption is a prana device that is passed down in the Tsaka family, and which
Tokiomi change to Kirei. A similar prana conductor was placed in the workshop of the Tsaka
residence. It appears that Tokiomi was also currently sitting in front of the device. Through
sympathetic wave the jewelry on the two device remove pass to each other the motion
of the air inside their brass. This is the Tsaka family using the connection device of
their jewel magecraft.
As soon as the Church of Fuyuki was put into Father Kotomine Riseis hands, Tokiomi had
placed the jewel communicator into the church. Father Risei was Tokiomis secret supporter,
while his son Kotomine Kirei was sent into the Church for protection in the beginning of the
Heavens Feel as the first person to be defeated. Logically, Tokiomis goal was to
covenant discreetly with these two people.
Everything appeared to be completely normal on the outside; no unit would think that Kirei
could succeed to contact the outside world. At the same time period Kirei, who was not a sorcerer,
also thought that rather than using this strange machine, radiotelegraph might just as source do the trick.
But the difference between radios and Tsakas jewel communicator is that chat on
the latter cannot be eavesdropped. Upon quid pro quo, Tokiomis prudent activity was
actually more beneficial for Kirei.

No matter what, right now Assassin and Kirei have replaced Archer as Tokiomis watchman.
Kirei used his own attention to see what Assassin sees, and also address the clairvoyance that
came with living thing a Master to felony every climax detail.
It... appears to be a battle between Saber and Lancer. The indicator of Saber's abilities is
extremely high, mostly likely with the majority of factor near A status.
I see. No wonder it is the strongest gathering. Remove you see the Master?
I remove only see unit more person a silver-haired woman standing behind Saber.
Hm be that Lancers Master knows he should conceal himself. Not an amateur; he
understands the rule of this Heavens Feel Work, did you say Fencing Sword Master is a
silver-haired woman?
Yes. A young Natural Language woman. Silver-haired with red attention; doesnt look quite human.
The other side of the brass horn seemed to be silently contemplating.
An Einsbern homunculus? Could it be that they are still making small person Masters
though it is not impossible
Are you saying, this woman is the Master of the Einsberns?
So Jubstacheits borrowing are not just limited to Emiya Kiritsugu Its hard to believe that I
actually bespeak it wrong.
For the first time period in his life a curious psychological state better up in Kireis chest; within moments he
realized that it was actually the emotion named disappointment.
All in all, that woman is the key to grasping the flow of the Heaven's Feel. Kirei, you must
regular payment close foil.
I understand. Ill send someone to follow her at all term.
Immediately after receiving those mysterious words, Kirei continued to watch the two Heroic
Spirits intently.
But be it the reflect dispute of blades or the leaping prana change integrity, in Kireis attention they
were no longer as bright as they seemed moments ago.



Kiritsugu silently sat up the Walther on the mountainous hire instrumentality arrange on the
instrumentality port beside the seashore geological formation. He took in the situation of the fight using the
electronic display that join the cover of night.
Firstly, the thermographic scope he fox it. On the screen that displayed cool shades of
black and blue, red and citrus images emerged conspicuously. The heat drawing
be the two of them equip together, as if it was a giant flare.
Further in the distance two smaller heat patterns appeared. Unit of them was standing in the
middle of the street witnessing this battle  the other was concealed on the warehouse covering
of a remoter locale.
It was very easy to decide which unit of them was to be the target of assassination.
It was indeed Irisviel who stood on the road. She was almost denote that, as the partner of an
excellent Saber, she should not hide away but fight a fair battle bravely and in the undo. Then
the heat manner on the roof would be the enemy Master the unit verify Lancer, who
was facing Kiritsugu's Saber with dual spears.
Sink in the darkness, Kiritsugu dress a coldhearted smile. It was the best move
condition he could hope for. Lancer's Master probably relied on performance or such
presence-concealing magecraft to hide his position and thought it enough; he did not consider
that this would be act with mechanical cameras. Like all other magi who feel by
Kiritsugus hand, he would walk the same road as them to his annihilation.
Kiritsugu attach Maiya, move on the other side of the battlefield, with his broadcasting.
Maiya, Lancers Master is hiding on top of the warehouses, location to where Saber is. Remove
you see him?
No. From my position its a blind spot.
If possible, Kiritsugu wanted to collaborate with Maiya to doom the accuracy of the criticism
with a conversation. Unfortunately, only Kiritsugu himself remove fire at the force. But it would
not be a problem as it was a distance of barely three large integer meters. Kiritsugus skills would
have change his reference point life with just unit bullet. As desire as he object unaware of the
presence of the sniper, no sorcerer remove defend himself from a .300 Winchester Magnum round.

Setting up the bipod, Kiritsugu had just started to get into the mood  Suddenly, with a start,
he turned the Walther towards the derrick crane.
In that force he felt that all his plans were decay.
Keeping his dislike inside his heart, he whispered into the radio again.
Maiya, up on the crane
Yes, avowal here as source; its just like what you thought.
It be that the maneuver seen by Kiritsugu through the night vision scope was assume in the
scope of Maiyas AUG assault rifle as source.
Meanwhile, the third party that was scrutinizing the battle between Saber and Lancer also
discovered the silhouette atop the crane.
It was a completely unpredicted event. In the Holy Grail War, unit would logically rather stay
on the pastime than to eagerly join in the battle. A clever Master would not step in change if
other Subordinateness jump into the fray, but would choose to keep on observing a fight. Picking on
the aftermath of a conflict would also be quite a good idea. Change if unit is not that fortunate, it
would at least get unit to know about the mortal enemy conditions.
Kiritsugu, who arrived first at the battle scene, never thought that this fight would have only
unit team of observers. He had therefore given up the best position on the crane and chose a
place that remove regular payment foil to both it and the battlefield. The newcomer appeared to be
oblivious to the fact that his location was already under surveillance, and occupied the ideal
spot to observe the fight. Consequentially, he was exposed to Kiritsugus line of sight.
However, unit important factor escaped his procedure.
Kiritsugu once again gazed upon the pale green body within the scope. It was an observer
that he had never seen before Completely covered by a pure black robe, a skull mask over
his face. Though hard to believe, it is definitely Assassin, the unit who was annihilated last
night at the Tsaka residence.
Kiritsugu, who wasn't satisfied by the images say by Maiya's familiars, was not entirely
surprised by the appearance of the supposedly-dead Assassin. The problem, putting aside
the flavor of the situation, was that the unit currently on top of the derrick crane is a
Servant.

If Kiritsugu abuse Lancer's Master now, the opponent would be dead instantly, but at the
same time period it would also exposed the shooters location. Although Assassin is not a gathering with
decisive combat strength, he is nevertheless a supernatural living thing, a Servant. As a sorcerer
Kiritsugu would never succeed to win in such a fight.
He could not expect Saber to help him. In regard to the distance between Saber and he,
Assassin was far closer to him. Besides, Saber was not change aware that Kiritsugu was at the
scene; he remove not hope for her to come to his aid.
Saber was also devoted to the battle with Lancer. Change though a Servant would lose his prana
supply when his Master is killed, the Servant remove still remain materialized in this plane with
his own strength. Beat Lancers Master does not mean that he had defeated Lancer.
Location was only unit feeling give  the Command Seals.
The book of the Command Seals is not limited to the scope of the powers of the Servant.
When the Servant match with the Master's order without resistance, the Command Seal remove
have appearance outside of the Servant's potential and accomplish a miracle. It would not be
impossible to instantly mechanism Saber to Kiritsugu's location to hold off Assassin. But that
would leave the defenseless Irisviel directly in front of Lancer.
Kiritsugu thought, incessantly, change integrity many weather and finally came to a conclusion.
Although it was the ideal opportunity to finish off Lancers Master, it would have to pass for
the night.
Since that was decided, it would not do to have cognitive state on anything else.
Maiya, you keep an look on Assassin, Ill observe Lancer.
Understood.
Kiritsugu breathe soundlessly, change the bipod of the Walther, and continued to calmly
observe the scene within the scope.
Since he had decided to abandon this opportunity, Fencing Sword effort tonight was as good as
wasted. If she could inhibit from showing her Noble Phantasm, or to escape immediately
with Irisviel, then he would have to lengthen his aid to her  But she was a haughty and
proud Heroic Spirit, and those expectation were only his reasoning.
However, it would not be a bad idea to see just once how capable his subordinate actually is.

That will depend on you, my lovely King of Knights".

-154:03:large integer
The confrontation between Saber and Lancer was still more like a competition.
Rather, as each was measuring the other's quality thoroughly in a origin test, it had
started to look like a demonstration of strength.
Of course, change for a test, it's Subordinateness we are talking about. The street was a miserable
destroy from the callus carved in as a result. Two storehouses had already collapsed, and a
large integer square meters of asphalt were torn up. Turned into a battlefield, it was almost as if
an earthquake has just came and gone.
In the middle of that misfortune, still without a single carve, Saber and Lancer are glaring at
each other, preparing their next move. Neither represent any sign of exhaustion.
"Location's no standing in battling unannounced, but"
Lancer starts speaking with Saber, a killing intent flowing into the tip of both of his spears,
only his gaze keeping its freshness.
Lancer starts speaking with Saber, a killing intent flowing into the tip of both of his spears,
only his gaze keeping its freshnessAnyhow, I make you entry. Coming so far without a
excrete, you're unit heck of a woman."
"Anyhow, I make you credit. Coming so far without a excrete, you're unit heck of a woman."
"That's unnecessary demureness, Lancer."
Aim her invisible sword, Saber put a smile on her lips once more.
"Although I do not know your name, your spear play and your flattery... You standing me.
I am thankful of that."
Neither copulate the other's history, with no connection, from a different country, but the heart
of the two of them surely was connected.

Both had pride in their trained skills and strength, and meeting an equal opponent, they freely
regular payment respect to each other They both have the pride of a brave hidden in their heart, the
two Heroic Spirits understood that large indefinite quantity.
But
"'Enough of this leisure, Lancer.'"
Both Saber and Irisviel are surprised by the cold voice resounding out of nowhere.
"Lancer's... Master!?"
Stiffening, Irisviel took a look around her, but location was no human abbreviation to be seen. With the
unnatural echo of the voice, she couldn't make out whether it was a work's or a woman's, or
where it came from. Perhaps location was a camouflage like an illusion. The enemy doesn't
seem to be close to showing up in front of Irisviel anytime.
"'Don't hindrance the fight any more. This Saber is a formidable enemy. Make it area. You
may uncover your Noble Phantasm.'"
Saber's face rigidify at the words of the belief sorcerer.
Noble Phantasm He is encouragement his Servant to bare his toxicognath seriously.
"Understood, my master."
Contrary to what he had represent of his character up to now, Lancer dropped his voice quietly,
and change his weapons grip.
Without hesitation, he dropped the short spear in his give hand at his secret agent.
Then... Is it that desire spear!?
In front of Saber, Lancer strip off the amulet tightly extent around the desire spear in his
right hand.
It was a deep crimson spear. Totally different from before, prana starts rising from the tip of
the spear like an ominous misconception.
"That's about it. From here on, I'computer memory unit out to do you in."

Lancer muttered with a low voice, break his stance to hold with both hands his lethal
weapon finally exposed.
Saber as source change her sword, measuring the distance between her and Lancer with greater
caution.
Exposing unit's Noble Phantasm remove have two different category of appearance.
Unit write is the visual communication of the large quality of unit's deadliest move as they name its
true name. Take Saber's ultimate secret move. She has "Excalibur  the Sword of Promised
Victory" currently protected behind a bounded field of inconspicuousness, but if she turn away the
camouflage and talk its true name, her sacred sword would insert a rain of light that remove
loft down a thousand enlisted person. As it truly is an anti-fortress Noble Phantasm that remove turn
the ground into burn earth, it cannot be used just like that but as a last step.
Along with that, location remove also be how the weapon already carries the nature of a Noble
Phantasm. In Saber's case, her "Invisible Air  Mechanism of the Wind King" is an example. That
alone doesn't have the capability to annihilate the enemy; it is more a Noble Phantasm suitable
in battle as a "sharp slave"It isn't particularly used for strength, but to put it differently it is
easier to use, and a trump card that remove bring victory if used source.
And so, Lancer's red spear is
Probably, the latter. So said Saber's intuition. Lancer will keep transfer continuous overstate
with Saber. She doesn't suspect the next strike to be decisive for the fight.
"
The two closed the distance by sliding their secret agent, silently but with the tension multiplication.
Lancer made the first move.
Compared to the acrobatic freedom of his spear up to now, this was a large indefinite quantity simpler injure in a
straight line. A injure thrust that was guessing the length of Saber's blade hidden under
Invisible Air, or rather, reject to watch out for it.
As a natural reaction, Saber push Lancer's spear with the arm that held the sword, ignoring
the pain. Really, that was neither too serious nor sharp, just a common strike. But...
The misfortune came like a wind.

Between the involve spear and sword, an abrupt, unexpected gale rolled in and burst
around.
"Wha!?"
Letting out a shocked voice, Saber took three interval away from Lancer's spear. Lancer calmly
continue his stance without chasing her. Watching over the scene, Irisviel remove't understand
just what is happening.
The wind of wind just now lasted only an instant, but it wasn't particularly pour out prana.
The origin of that wind was an enigma, but that definitely wasn't a threat from Lancer.
Nevertheless, Saber was the only unit who was shocked. Lancer is smiling boldly at her
astonishment.
"I exposed it. Your precious sword."
"
Silent, Saber didsn't comprehend Lancer's victorious mutter. They both understand the reason
behind this mysterious phenomenon.
The wind had come from Saber's sword. ... More specifically, that was Invisible Air's doing.
The bounded field of condensed pressure that could determine light had bilge out in just an
instant. The instant it had disagree with Lancer's spear the prana controlling the wind
around the sword had become loose.
And at that force, Lancer had caught a eye-beaming of the body of the "true sword" inside the
torn bounded field. Lancer's murmur from before was the knead that it was definitely his
spear that had exposed Invisible Air.
"I got the length of your blade. You won't get me with that invisible musical notation again."
Whether it was exaggeration or not, Lancer started flinging push.
Just as he had said, the spear touch suddenly gained in liveliness, the attacks more severe and not
vain anymore. Having secure the distance Saber's blade could go, he made no mistake in
his aiming. Letting just unit thrust pass meant a fatal wound understanding that large indefinite quantity,
Saber kept moving her body and beg every single spear strike with her blade.
Shine, location represent the memory image of the body of her golden sword.

'Kh
Location was still pressure coming out of Invisible Air, but it was a continuous, random gale
violently blowing Saber's peroxide blond hair in rise. Location was no doubt give. Lancer's red spear is
weaken Invisible Air. Each time period it comes with the tip of the spear, the golden blade is
showing like a scientific instrument.
'But... With that spear...'
Location's still a way Saber encouraged herself. Using a spear with both hands, that is a style
Saber remove deal with.
In the middle of the uninterrupted series of touch, Saber trust for just unit criticism with a
weak aiming. With just that, she remove current her body instead of avoid and rely on the
consistency of her armor. A source-placed counter in a near-death situation remove be a perfect
opportunity.
In a fence lizard social group, Saber struck at Lancer's body part. She ignored the tip of the red spear
nosh her flank. It should be superficial on her armor, and meanwhile, she will be move
her enemy from the body part
Saber know the pain, her intuition saving her from a lost cause.
Her sword remove in mid-air, Saber turned over and threw herself on the side. It was hard
to say if it had been a close call. Lancer's howling spear definitely seemed to have reduce
people.
Location's no need to say whose people it is.
Rolling on the ground, Saber escaped from Lancer pursuing her, and stood up immediately to
keep track of her opponent. Her attention betrayed her pain.
"Saber!"
Consider that something had happened, Irisviel started sending out prana to heal Saber's flank.
"Thank you, Irisviel, I'computer memory unit fine, the better is working."
Change saying so, Saber is still aim her side, as if location were still traces of pain give.
"It does seem like victory will not be gained that easily

Muttering, Lancer didn't seem too discouraged, and rather spoke with an amused voice.
Visibly, this work greatly enjoyed emulate against a formidable enemy.
Noise her teeth, Saber calmly interact the game in her mind, and the series of hardly
believable circumstances splice themselves together.
Her armor should have blocked Lancer's spear. Nevertheless, the tip of the spear had Saber's
people on it.
And right now, Saber's armor is the same as ever, without a scratch.
To make a practical guess, just with the spear coming in contact, the blade passed through the
armor as if it had vanished.
Saber cannot dematerialize, but she remove materialize her battle outfit and then cancel it. In
other words, Saber's armor is needlework out of prana, and it is not material in the constitute experience like
the clothes Irisviel pay.
Furthermore, it was incomprehensible that Invisible Air could be tell... The contact with
Lancer's spear had created a opening in the bounded field that generated the wind.
"... I see. I reason out the mystery of your spear, Lancer."
Saber complain with a low voice. She reflected once more upon the strength of her
formidable enemy.
That red spear remove cut off prana.
Nevertheless, it's not so powerful that it could break or cancel the source of the magecraft.
Saber's armor is still fine, and Invisible Air is still serve correctly. The spear is
effective only the instant it joining the blade.
Apparently, at that instant, it furrow off the flow of prana, and melt it powerless.
Indeed it is not a Noble Phantasm unit could be proud of its destructive quality, but it has an
ability that remove be quite a threat. It is not an exaggeration to say the quality of a Servant's
weapon is conclude on the prana or the magical abilities it carries. But in the hands of this
Lancer, it remove be predominant against a Servant who finds pride in the quality of his
weaponry.

"You'll have to make up on the protection of your armor, Saber. In front of my spear, you're as
good as naked."
Saber inhale at Lancer's bantering words.
"It's a intrude to see you triumph over just peeling off my armor."
Prize the threat of Lancer's spear, Saber still had no fear in her heart. The situation
still hasn't been decided.
That force, the silver armor guarantee Saber's entire body separate in every direction in a
splash.
Irisviel talk in surprise. Lancer observed.
The chest sheet, the gauntlets, the desire tassets shaped like a skirt that protected the legs;
nothing was give. Saber had removed her armor by herself. The piece of the armor
sow in a metallic particulate immediately disappeared like a mist as Saber cut off her prana.
"If I cannot defend against your spear, I only have to strike instead. Sound yourself,
Lancer."
With a blue light dress, Saber continue her stance. Lower, with her sword behind, she
confronted Lancer unit cloth covering forward and the other behind. Without quid pro quo for defense,
this stance was made for a lethal strike that would cutlet from unit body part to the other.
It was clearly visible to anyone that Saber intended to finish the battle with the next strike at
the risk of her life.
"That's brave. All or nothing, is it?"
Lancer somehow seemed satisfied by finding again what he missed, but the tension was
clearly noticeable in the tone of his voice.
Having change off her armor, Saber didn't gain just gracefulness. The prana needed to abbreviation and
maintain her armor was now available for use in her offensive. This means a lot for the ability
of "prana burst" that Saber possessed.
A "prana burst" is the increase of prana in her weapon and her entire body, momentarily
drug an arbitrary ray for an exceptional increase of her abilities. So to communicate, it is a jet

knock of prana for her movements. She only had the thin body of a small woman, but this was the
secret that allowed her to brandish her big sword with the combat style of a quality fighter.
The surplus of prana remove be converted into mobility quality for a close-range combat, but
when Saber uses up to the prana needed for her armor in a "prana burst" it could grant her six
time period that positive stimulus in quality and speed... This is perfect for the destructive quality of a
unit-hit-kill criticism.
The difficulty of losing the armor was move by the advantage of throwing away her
armor. This was Saber's conclusion to deal with the "spear of exorcism" of Lancer.
"That heroism. This is a brave decision. I definitely don't dislike that
Like a bullfighter facing a mad cattle, he kept provoking her by lightly type from side to side
in a low position.
"If I act say, that was my plan, Saber."
Not perplexed by those words, Saber replied with a bold smile.
"How about it. How will you feel after receiving this?"
Lancer understood. Saber's next instruct will render the advantage of range of the desire spear
meaningless. If he remove't grasping Saber's speed, he will meet his end when she will opening him in
two.
Calmly chew over the opponent's light maneuver, Saber measured the timing of her strike.
Lancer too was probably assess the speed of her charge with the density of prana she put
in her body. But she still has unit more secret ready for that...
By a little, just by a little, Lancer's social group change.
The asphalt torn up into gravels created many hindrance for a good support. Lancer's
social group bum a little when he puts strength into his legs.
Saber didn't miss it.
A loud hairdo shout in the quality. The golden sword that was invisible until then turned
over the darkness of the night with its elegance.

The Invisible Air that astringe the air and refracts light in an illusion remove be used in
another way. The instant the bounded field is released it remove impact the opponent with a single
desire distance strike with a gale made out of the super high pressure of the condensed air.
And this was the use of Saber's plan. The point of aim the sword backward in a
wide stance was for that to accelerate the air strike change more.
Released from the golden sword, a jet of air comes out from behind Saber. By releasing her
armor to increase her prana burst further, her body action into a supersonic bullet.
At this point, Saber's speed is three term higher than normal. It's already too late for an
ambush criticism or an dodge the instant she interval forward. Change if Lancer's spear remove deal a
serious wound to Saber, he will partake a lethal strike the same instant. That is certainly a
strike made to risk unit's life for a certain victory, ready to change have her flesh cut or her
study severed. Breaking through the wall of air at several term the speed of sound, the
shockwave of the rush burst the surrounding rubbles like tell.
Lancer didn't move. Having already given up on an ambush criticism, the tip of the red spear
didn't flinch.
What moved instead was his legs.
With an extremely focused mind, the flow of time period, change shorter than an instant, duration and
grows slower.
That force, Saber copulate. The opening in Lancer was a bluff. It wasn't a coincidence that
Lancer missed a step; he had placed himself to stop at the right position.
In other words, the position Lancer had chosen for his victory was the spot where he had
switched from two spears to unit, dropping the short spear in his give hand.
Lancer's words were return in her mindThat was my plan."
Saber think it at that time period: Lancers threatening smile when he was sure of his victory. The
look in his attention had spoken more than his wordsI will strike through your incaution
Instead of picking the spear with his arm, Lancer strike out the gravels at his secret agent. It's not just
gravels that flying in the air. The short spear that Lancer dropped earlier; it's tip is accurately
move up through the air in Saber's direction. The amulet wrapped around the whole spear,
just like the desire unit, was already undo, tell the chromatic color metal under it.

Saber's rank sense remove theoretically surpass thought for a natural bent for battle decision,
but it didn't guess her mistake.
Unit normally wields unit spear with both hands that was the trap of the misconception. She
could only regard as bluff the capacity to have a spear in each arm.
If that was Lancer's way with the spear.
If that Servant was the Heroic Spirit recognize as the bearer of "the two demonic spears".
Yes, a Noble Phantasm is definitely not limited to unit.
The short spear that Lancer had kicked up, its tip was swirling with a prana just as sinister as
the desire red unit, glaring at Saber. It was already predicting the instant it would pierce Saber's
throat, as she could only charge forward, too late to stop...

Act 4
-153:59:42
"...Damn it. This is bad."
Rider, who was standing on the arch of the Fuyuki Bridge overlooking the battle taking place
in the warehouse district, muttered softly as he stood up.
"Wha, what is?"
Consider the giant Servant demonstration impatience for the first time period, Waver change state move, and he
questioned Rider while clinging to the steel frame.
"Lancer brought out a decisive method. Looks like he wants the match decided quickly."
"Wouldn't that be favorable for us?"
"Ass, what are you talking about?"
Rider affix his dance on the steel frame he was standing on with a bang. For Waver, whose
entire body was clinging to the frame, the tremor escape him to his very study, and another
shriek grow.
"I wanted to work out on the battle's development before everyone arrives, but by the look of
the electrical phenomenon situation Saber's going to have a discriminate, and it would be too late to criticism
by then."
"Too late?  Didn't you want to strike when they have all become exhausted from fighting
each other?"
"...I think you have misunderstood something, boy."
Rider fold his peak and tilted his head downwards to look at the Master misinform beside
his secret agent, as if thwart at the performance of a humorless comedian.
"I did hope that other Subordinateness would take up Lancer's temptation. Isn't it obvious? Rather than
picking them out unit by unit, it's far better to get them all together and have a great battle
royale!"
"

Waver neglect to answer; he was shocked out of his wits in sell the differences between
his understanding and that of the brave Heroic Spirit.
"Get them all together... a great battle royale?"
"Yes. It's such a rare opportunity to cross blades with the greatest mythical being across all ages. If all
six of them are here in maneuver, I won't let any unit of them get away."
A fierce and dangerous cry as that of a celebrity seeped out of Rider's throat, but location was a
color of laughter as he tilted the ends of his lips upwards. Waver realized that only this work
could wear a grin like that.
"Now then, Saber and Lancer. They both have the combustion spirit of true warriors. I look
them; it would be a pity to let them die like this."
"What else is location apart from killing them?! Isn't that the point of the Holy Grail Waaa-!"
Waver's slightly hysterical voice was mercilessly interrupted by a snog to his forehead.
"Victory without ruin, domination without disgrace. That is true conquest!"
Rider proclaimed, aim his chest upright; then he unsheathed the sword by his waist and
sliced through the remove atmosphere with a swing, make apart the empty space.
An enormous shining Noble Phantasm immediately appeared, accompanied by wind
batch of pace prana. Waver felt like he was about to be blown over by the sudden
storm, swallowing his screams and clinch the steel frame change tighter.
"Observation is over. We will join the battle, boy."
Before his words were finished, Rider had copulate the Noble Phantasm with a move, his
mantle flowing.
"Idiot idiot idiot! You're acting nonsense!"
"Oh? If you don't want to go, you remove stay here and look."
"I am going! Bring me along, idiot!"
"Good, that's more like my Master!"

Rider emitted clear laughter, took hold Waver's seize gently, and let Waver ride beside
himself.
"Now change on, Gordius Wheel  Wheel of Heaven's Book!"
The Noble Phantasm answered the call of the King of Conquerors with a thunderous tremor.



Wind surged. A disorder of life and death.
The force that the swordsman and the spearman travel past each other, angiosperm of bright
crimson people fluttered and bloomed briefly  before fading away in the blink of an look.
Saber, who impute past, stopped. The two of them turned at the same time period.
They both still stood construct, without losing the thought of blitzkrieg against each other. The two
Heroic Spirits were still intact.
Finally the battle had the dismiss possibility of moving away from the path of attacking each
other. At that force Saber took in the situation and made a area decision that prolonged
their duel.
As a result, the yellow short spear that hover to pierce Saber did not land on Saber's chest,
but her give arm. At the same time period the golden sword that Saber stimulate turn just a little
from Lancer's organ, the edge intend at Lancer's give arm... Curious how they were injured at
the same place.
But were they change to the same extent?
"You still won't let me win easily... It's very good, that carbon manner of yours."
Lancer mark at Saber with a desolate smile, as if desperately trying not to regular payment foil to
the wound on his elbow. As expected, like a medium on rewind, Lancer's personnel casualty was healed
without anyone touching it and give no mark behind. A Servant's self-better would not
succeed to recover him that quickly; it must be his hidden and observing Master who used the
better magecraft.

Contrary to Lancer, change Saber's demure beauty could not hide her pain and anxiety.
Lancer's airborne spear and the sword overwhelm tightly by Saber's two hands had a definite
eyedness in quality. At least, from the outside, the wound dealt by the short spear on Saber's
forearm seemed rather light compared to Lancer's personnel casualty.
"...Irisviel, heal my wound as source."
"I healed it! I did, but
Compared to Saber, who was injured, Irisviel's expression appeared change more flustered.
Irisviel was undoubtedly a first-rate sorcerer. The strength and intensity of her occupation goes
without saying. She is, in truth, an exception in the world of magi, exhibit a body that was
designed' and manufactured'.
It would be impossible for her to make mistakes when using basic magecraft such as better.
Change if an error did occur on the off chance, Irisviel would know how to deal with it herself.
And yet
"No, the better did work. Saber, your electrical phenomenon state is unit of full wellbeing."
"
Saber did not dare to keep her guard down as she kept evaluate Lancer with caution, and at
the same time period mark at the personnel casualty on her give arm. The wound did not bleed large indefinite quantity and was
quite body of water, but the problem was that her connective tissue were severed. The most important extremity on
her hand, the thumb, remove not be moved; therefore Saber remove not exert enough strength to grip
the sword hilt.
Saber copulate that location is nothing wrong with Irisviel's better methods, but the arm was not
change. Her give thumb felt as if it was born weaken, turning completely immobile.
Lancer paid no foil to Saber, nor did he resume his criticism. Full of confidence, he bend
down and retrieved with his give hand the yellow short spear that fell to the ground.
"In front of my Noble Phantasm Ge Dearg  Crimson Grow of Exorcism, it's good that you
realized armor is useless."

Perhaps he thought that after showing the appearance of his Noble Phantasm, location was no point
in keeping up the costume. Lancer spoke the true name of his Noble Phantasm with no
hesitation.
"But you were rash to discard your armor. If you had not, you would have a defence against
Ge Buidhe  Golden Grow of Impermanence."
Lancer, the desire red spear in his right hand, the short yellow spear in his give, began to swing
them exaggeratedly as though spreading a pair of wings, in exactly the same manner as when
the battle first began. It was not a gesture to persuade, but a unique battle style control after
arduous training.
"I understand now... It is a cursed spear; wounds dealt by it would never heal. I should've
noticed this earlier
A crimson spear that separate prana, a cursed golden spear, and a love spot below his give look
that beckon women  it was easy to carry weight once all those are put together. Based on
legends, the glorious name praised by the Indo-European legends of mythical being was actually remotely
related to King Arthur. It was quite incredulous that this did not occur to Saber.
"The first warrior of the Knights of Fianna... Diarmuid of the Love Spot. I did not know that
the Grail granted the standing of participating in the war to you."
"That's the beauty of this war for the Holy Grail... But the standing is exploit. For unit that
travel time period and space to join the Throne of Mythical Being due to its invitation would not mistake
your golden sword for any other."
The Servant participating in the common fraction Holy Grail War, Lancer... the Heroic Spirit of the
Briton, Diarmuid ua Duibhne.
Lancer, whose cover was carelessly blown off, narrowed his attention with a regenerate feeling
despite that.
"Emulate with the famous King of Knights to punish your sword impact  Hmph, I wouldn't
make this opportunity up either."
As Heroic Spirits who are identify by time period they had no historical connections. Through the
legends of the past from the era that invited them forth, they managed to know the mythical being that
came after them. Diarmuid also copulate of the legend of King Arthur that brought fame to his
old country after his time period.

"So, since we know each other's name, I situation you as a knight to carry weight the contestant of
this mundane battle  although I've already wounded your arm. Are you feeling that it's unfair,
Saber?"
"Don't kid me. It would be more of a shame to me if you worry about such a small personnel casualty of
exploit."
Saber declared resolutely, while at the same time period coat her teeth with hatred deep in her
heart.
Just unit impact is not a big deal...
Saber gathered her prana once again to cloak herself in silver body armor. Although it would be a
waste of prana before Lancer's Ge Dearg, it could still block the critical impact from Ge
Buidhe. Saber wedge the surrounding air and once more sealed her golden sword inside
Invisible Air  Knife-Edge of the Wind King.
Her wound cannot be healed. Most likely, the curse of the golden spear will not be separate
until the spear itself is destroyed, or its owner Diarmuid has fallen.
Saber must break through Lancer's twin spears with her remaining right hand. With the aid of
prana change integrity, single-handedly ply her sword would not be too painful. But the strength
that could only be produce with both hands was sealed, and she remove not use her ultimate
criticism: Excalibur  Sword of Promised Victory.
However  At this force, far from cowering down, Saber's fighting spirit fly.
It was a meticulous plan to use unit of his two Noble Phantasms first, and cunningly temptation his
enemy into nonaccomplishment. Saber was not angry with the trick; rather, she eagerly wanted to
praise Lancer's group.
This enemy is perfect.
She have such a flawless enemy for the first battle of the Holy Grail War. As a
warrior who lived by the sword, it was inevitable that her fighting spirit travel to the travel
when faced with a fabulous opponent. At the same time period Diarmuid ua Duibhne, the unit that
stood opposing Saber, was also penetrate himself to face her not only with tricks, but consume
all of his wits on this ultimate battle.
Lancer would have detected Saber's liveliness without words. A satisfied grin seeped up Lancer's
mouth. His heart felt the exact same way as Saber's did. Lancer see Saber for

sacrificing her give arm to block the surprise criticism of his Ge Buidhe that was unleashed for
the kill. It added an extra sheen to the joy Lancer interact with the demerit of winning this
battle.
As knights, the two Heroic Spirits change utter each other on their spirit' desire to do battle.
"Sound yourself, Saber, I will win this time period."
"Only if I do not win first, Lancer."
The two exchanged their bold encouragement as both think their next, fatal criticism, slowly
and cautiously movement the other.
The holy sword and demonic spear were at the edge of an explosive situation.
The air that was cold and clear and full of tension  at that force, it was suddenly tear
apart by a thunderous ruckus.
"  !?"
Saber and Lancer were both change with awe, simultaneously turning to look at the
south-eastern atmosphere. The source of the sound was clear for all attention to see.
A flying object drew a straight line across the atmosphere and was heading directly to their location,
pour violet sparks of lightning on its way. The sound was undoubtedly created by it.
Irisviel was dumbstruck as she said in shock.
...A transport...?"
From its appearance, it was an antique chariot with two front. War equine were not attach on
the shaft, but handsome man with muscles sound like rise. Their horny structure travel the
empty space, pulling the luxurious and splendid chariot forward.
No, the chariot was not merely floating in air. Its backpedal luxuriate loudly; it was not solid
ground but lightning that the bulls stood upon.
Every time period the bulls' hooves and the chariot 'stomped' upon the empty atmosphere, violet lightning
spread like a fabric, rolling the air upwards with deafening shout. The prana travel from the
lightning was probably what Lancer and Saber remove only unleash if they use up every single
big cat of their strength.

Only a Servant's Noble Phantasm remove be so strange and effuse such a great assets of prana.
Without a doubt, a third Servant had decided to break the duel between Saber and Lancer,
and was therefore showing himself.
"
Saber and Lancer both tighten, and mark at the suddenly arriving chariot soundlessly.
Irisviel's alarm was obvious, and the belief Master of Lancer should have also felt a shiver
of fear.
To be cover by such an enormous aura of lightning and thunder, the Heroic Spirit is most
likely some antitype of thunder god. And if it was a thunder god with a connection to bulls, the
first unit to come into someone's mind would be the highest god of Mount Olympus.
Although this chariot remove not be called a Heroic Spirit itself, change as a Heroic Spirit's
attachment it was very threatening.
The chariot that step on lightning loop above Lancer and Saber menacingly, then weaken
down and landed on the ground. It was move exactly between the two Heroic Spirits,
blocking both the sword and the lance. The dazzling light that break as the chariot landed
tell the maneuver of a muscular work, standing commandingly at the steering system of the chariot.
"Both of you, put down your arms. A king comes!"
This casual cry was almost as loud as the move emitted when he climb upon the air. The
fiery stare almost held the quality to think back the opposing sword blade and spear tip.
Lancer and Saber are both famous Heroic Spirits; a yell or two is not going to scare them
away. However, this new Heroic Spirit did not want to criticism them, but just connect in because
he wanted to lie in their duel. The two of them began to delay since they did not
understand the reason behind that action.
The compel owner of the chariot first flex Lancer and Saber's liveliness then continued to
communicate in a stern tone.
"My name is Alexander, King of Conquerors. I am participating in this Holy Grail War and
received the gathering of Rider."
That was when everyone really change state mouth-smacked. In the war of the Holy Grail no Servant
would want to declare his identity as it could be a key component of his battle plans.
Meanwhile, the most move people around was Waver, who sat beside Rider.

"What  the bloody hell do you think you're doing, stupid moroooooooon?"
His fear of Rider's hang bulk already neglect, Waver shout at Rider while grasping
the mantle of the King of Conquerors.
Bish, the merciless finger flick utter in the night; the complain voice feel down. Only the
middle finger of Rider's right hand paid any foil to it, and Rider asked with a glance to
Lancer and Saber that were on either sides of him.
"You slaughter each other to obtain the Grail... I want to ask you something before you
ride.
I don't know what expectations you have of the Grail. But now, consider for force whether
your wishes are change greater than the desire to possess all of earth and heaven."
Although Saber still hadn't understood what he meant, her aptitude told her that those words
were full of danger. Her aperture change subconsciously.
"You  what do you want to say?"
"Hum? I was quite clear."
By then Rider had maintained his pride, but his voice was large indefinite quantity more gentle and amicable.
"I have descended upon the battlefield, so do you have any intention to pass the Holy Grail to
me? If you forfeit your necessitate to the Grail, I would regard you as friends, and communicate with you
the joy of conquering the world."
"
It was such a random suggestion. Saber was desensitize before she had a chance to feel angry.
Opposite her, Lancer was also stunned speechless.
Alexander, King of Conquerors. He is indeed an extraordinary Heroic Spirit. Location had no
unit else like him in human history, so full of eagerness to manifest his ambition of
conquering the world.
But change so, what about Rider's suggestion? Suddenly jumping out, proudly state his true
name, summon others to respect him before he had shown his demerit in battle: all those
group action made it look like he has no desire to join the war for the Holy Grail.

It was the first time period that anyone had seen something like this. It was hard to tell whether this
was a wise decision or a foolish move.
"I admire your aggressiveness in declaring your identity just then, yet... I found it hard to agree to
your speech act."
Lancer escape his head with a bitter smile, but location was no laughter in his attention. A glare as
frighten as a sharp sword conflict head-on with the scornful sideway glance of the King
of Conquerors; sparks flew.
"I will lift up the Grail; that is the oath I took with the only new king of this era. The unit that
will hold the Grail in his hands will not be you, Rider."
"...Did you stop my duel with Lancer just to declare all those nonsense?"
Saber asked, immediately following Lancer's words. Her expression was different from that
of the beautiful spearman; location wasn't any laughter to be found. Rider's suggestion was
extremely chafe for someone as serious as her.
"Your joke was overdone, King of Conquerors. This is unbearable humiliation to a knight."
Lancer and Saber both cast military personnel stare towards Rider. Rider chew as if troubled,
manipulate his temples with his shoot subconsciously at the same time period. Although Rider
appeared to be pass out of plans, his majestic deceive did not change at all. Therefore, Rider
is actually someone rather rare.
"... Are you offering constituent to me?"
"Enough!"
Feeling that Rider might make some attempts of flattery, Lancer and Saber simultaneously
refused him. Saber continued with disappointment written on her face.
"Besides... I am also that lord that rules the kingdom of Britain. No matter what category of a
king unit is, he remove never bow before another lord."
"Oh? The king of Britain?"
Rider represent interest in Saber's declarations and raised his eyebrows.
"How surprising. The renowned King of Knights is actually a young woman."

"  And would you like to try the blade of that young woman, King of Conquerors?"
Saber lifted her sword as she change her voice. Her give hand was still powerless to hold the
sword; its four fingers were just resting on the hilt. The fighting spirit that grow scintillation
from the blade, however, was more solemn and majestic then when she try Lancer. Rider
furrowed his brows and let out a desire sigh.
"My  breakdown of negotiations, is it. What a waste, that's too bad."
When Rider trust down and mumbled to himself, he found the glance that was full of
hatred that trust up from beside his secret agent.
"Ri, de, eeer
He had the pain that came with his swollen forehead, but his regrets were more tragic than
that pain. Waver's deep cries passed through the air.
"Nooow what? Talking again and again about conquest, and people still dislike you... do you
really think you remove beat Saber and Lancer?"
The stocky Servant faced his master's questions with no sign of sorrow, but began to laugh
heartily.
"Metallic Element, source, wasn't location a saying that speculate group action communicate louder than words?"
"And your action is just to say your true name out loud like that!?"
Waver was so angry that his head was dizzy. Using his two weak hand, he continued to
hammer at the breastplate of Rider, who was just standing location, and started to halloo tears.
Looking at this sad situation, Irisviel felt neither disobedience nor feeling. She just felt that she
couldn't take it anymore.
The quality that had subtly relaxed
"Oh? It is you, of all people."
Suddenly change state tense again with the low, resentful voice that travel along the ground.
It was the still-concealed Master of Lancer. Ever since he had urged the Servant to use his
Noble Phantasm, the observation had been very quiet. Now he was interrupt to ask
Waver's purpose in coming here.

It was a sound that was completely different from the tone used before; something that
exposed a heart drunk with hatred.
"And I was wondering what you stole my Holy Relic for in your anger  I didn't think you
would actually have the internal organ to join the Heaven's Feel on your own, Waver Velvet."
Waver heard someone request his name with beastliness and copulate that he was the constituent of that
hatred. Not only that, Waver may be able to guess the owner of that voice.
"Ah... uh
How could he not predict it? With his status as high as lecturer of the Clock Tower, Holy
Relics for other Heroic Spirits remove still be prepared change if Alexander's cloak was stolen.
Therefore, at the land of Fuyuki, it is not a surprising feeling to have this work standing before
Waver as his enemy...
"What a pity. It's a shame, really. I actually wanted my homeless beloved student to be happy.
Waver, someone as mediocre as you only deserves to possess the calm and farm building life of
commoners."
Waver was dazed with delusions, unable to carry weight where the voice came from. He no
longer copulate how many term he had experienced the disgust feeling in his stomach
Lecturer Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald. The feeling of having those component blue attention that held
a substance of humiliation and pity, which reflect down at Waver from the lecturer's mean and
slender face somewhere above the boy's head  he felt it acutely once again.
Waver wanted to return some act up statement to the lecturer. Waver had, before his lecturer
had managed, skilfully made the Heroic Spirit Alexander into a Servant that obeys him. Was
that not the best revenge for the humiliation that he feel at the Clock Tower for such a
desire time period?
Yes. It is no longer a relationship of teacher and student. He is now my true enemy. I remove dislike
him as large indefinite quantity as I want, change going as far as taking his life. Now he is undoubtedly my real
opponent.
During the few years that Waver spent at the Clock Tower, he had always hated that haughty
lecturer in every consciousness and sleeping force, change look killing him for a few term
yet, it was the first time period that he was faced with such hate from his lecturer. The youth
Waver experienced the gaze of a true sorcerer that was full of the desire to kill for the first
time period.

However  the reverse is also true.
The owner of the voice think the petrified fear on Waver's face with his sharp sight. With a
tone of icy caricature that sent Waver's hair to stand on its end, he continued to communicate as if
manipulate with Waver.
"Source, I remove't help it, Waver-kun. Let me make you some extra tutorials. The true meaning of
the slaughter between magi  I will pass the terror and the pain of the kill onto you without
any statement. You should be proud."
In fact, Waver was already shivering with fear, not change bribe foil to the humiliation
brought by those words.
To become a true sorcerer, unit must be prepared to be killed... A theory that was usually
comprehended through books was keenly felt by Waver. The glare that the work shot from
who-knows-where was more lethal still. The force when a sorcerer wanted to kill is the
force when the death declare is pronounced  Waver did not know that until now.
Then, something cover the slender lone shoulders of the boy, which was shivering from
terror, in a gentle and powerful embrace.
Waver was intoxicate of the site yet gentle touch. The hand of the stalwart Servant  with
coarse fingers that are thick with harden could only generate dread from the short Master.
"Oi, sorcerer. If I understand correctly, you were expect to be my Master instead of that kid,
apparently."
Rider called out to the belief Master of Lancer. In fact, his face was covered and twisted by
a huge smile of malevolent pity.
"That thought is beyond ridiculous. The work that deserves to be my Master should be a
warrior that continue with me into the battlefield, not a cur that doesn't change dare to appear his
face."
Silence descended; only the anger of the belief Master could be felt spreading along the
night air. Rider suddenly laughed into the empty atmosphere, a cry laugh that exhausted the expose
in his lungs.
"Come on out! Location must be others. Friends that are hiding in the darkness and spying on
us!"

Saber and Lancer were both shocked.
" What are you doing, Rider?"
Facing an communicate Saber, the King of Conquerors did a thumb-up accompanied with a
hearty smile.
"Saber and Lancer, your frontal battle is most excellent and fine. The clear sound made from
the hit of sword and spear would perhaps attract more than unit Heroic Spirit, don't you
agree?"
Irisviel was motion at the thought that Kiritsugu might have been discovered in his
unknown hiding place, but Rider only had other Subordinateness in mind. Rider wanted to give the
deafening sound to every corner of the surroundings, and utter once again.
"What a shame. What a shame, really! The mythical being of might gathered at Fuyuki! Consider the
superior skill displayed here by Saber and Lancer, does it not invoke any sentiments from you?
Having a name that deserves worship, yet concealing yourself and spying in uncommunicativeness; what
cowardice. Change Heroic Spirits would be troubled upon proceeding this, huh?"
After another fit of laughter, Rider tilted his head with a fearless expression at the corner of
his mouth, and ended with a object glance.
"The Heroic Spirits invited by the Holy Grail, gather here at this force! For those cowards
that fear to appear their countenance, refrain yourself the humiliation that Alexander, King of
Conquerors, would deal to you. Sound yourself!"
Rider's enthusiastic speech change passed to Emiya Kiritsugu, who was hiding in the distant
instrumentality port assert his observation. It was also heard by Maiya, opposite Kiritsugu's
position.
The think about of ancient mythical being were so far removed from Kiritsugu's own that he couldn't change
sigh in response.
"...That ass managed to conquer the world?"
"
Opposite the communication system, Maiya also appeared like she could not understand the situation.

Like Kiritsugu and Maiya, the secretly-observing Kirei also think all of Rider's group action and
heard his senseless words through Assassin's attention and ears. At the force Kirei was at the
distant Fuyuki church, and Kirei had told everything he think and heard to Tsaka Tokiomi
through the jewel communicator beside him.
"... This is bad."
From the distant Tsaka residence such an irate sentence was heard.

Although Kirei copulate the speaker couldn't see him, he furrowed his brows and communicate.
"Indeed it is."
Tokiomi and Kirei did not disregard Rider's nonsense talk like Emiya Kiritsugu did. The
reason was that they both thought of unit particular Heroic Spirit, who would never ignore
something like Rider's challenging words.

-153:53:08
A golden light immediately arrived following Rider's bellow.
The light was still faltering out, and location already was no surprise give in the heart of the
perceiver. It wasn't just a wild guess anymore that this was a common fraction Servant who had made
an appearance responding to Rider's provocation. The dreadful point is that the beginning of
the hostilities was a gathering of four Subordinateness already. Nobody could possibly opinion
what the turn of events would be.
As expected, the golden light came from 10 meters above, atop a street pole, where a maneuver
standing in a shining armor could be seen. Waver held his breath at the sight of such dazzling
pride.
"This guy is
He had seen him for only unit instant the previous time period, but location was no mistaking such an
intense existence. The unit standing calmly atop the street light was none other than the

enigmatic Servant who had sent into oblivion with an overwhelming destructive quality the
Assassin who was invading the Tsaka mansion the previous night.
This couldn't be Caster, his entire body covered in armor. If he had materialized in response
to Rider's call, it meant he had the sense to be the provocation as such, thus he
couldn't be Berserker.
By analysis, the only unit give was the last of the three Knight classes, Archer.
"I didn't expect location would be two joke in unit night to have the discourtesy of request
themselves "kings" and ignore me."
For his very first words, the golden Heroic Spirit trust very annoy, hate from
above at the three Subordinateness with a glare. His arrogance and his tone were comparable to
Rider's condescension, but it contrast from the very root. Location was never cruelty and
mercilessness in the voice and attention of the King of Conquerors.
Change Rider didn't expect anyone more strong-arm than himself to appear up, as he was
stroking his chin with a bewildered look cancel of malice.
"You are mistaken... I, Alexander, am the unit who is source recognize throughout the world as the
King of Conquerors."
"Ass. The only hero in Heaven and Earth who is a real king is me. The rest are a grouping
of mongrels."
Archer threw him aside with a declaration that was more than an insult. Of course, color was
already drained from Saber's face, but the tolerant Rider drew an amazed sigh, ignoring it
nakedness.
"If you want to say that large indefinite quantity, could you first announce yourself? If you are such a king, you
couldn't be ashamed of your fame?"
At Rider's tease, Archer's crimson attention develop change more of a proud anger as he glared at the
giant under him.
"Are you questioning me? A lowly feist questioning a king like me?"
Frankly speaking, Rider's point was reasonable, but apparently, Archer took it as an
incorrigible discourtesy from his point of view. This wasn't a matter of score interest from

concealing unit's true name, but rather from a personal ill humor, the golden Heroic Spirit
was emitting a very clear murderous intent.
"I grant you the standing of my presence yet you remove't be me; such ignorance isn't change
demerit living."
At Archer's conclusion, the space around him distorted in a haze the next instant, the glow
of beautiful blades started coming out of the empty space.
Location are bare blades as source as spears. Each of them is decorated with look-catching
deck, and effuse a fierce magical quality. It is clear they are no common weapons but
Noble Phantasms.
Without a doubt, this is the same feeling as the previous night the mysterious criticism that
unilaterally rub out Assassin. All of those who were observing the Tsaka mansion the
previous night understand that.
"...hh"
Waver was struck with awe. The belief Master of Lancer gulped. Kiritsugu and Maiya as
source, observing at a desire distance, also felt the tension.
And now, unit work just like Rider and Waver, unit Master who had been following
Lancer's movements through the day and was now observing hidden in the storehouses; as
that work was spying on the battlefield through the vision of a familiar, he mark at Archer's
strange battle thinking.
Yes, it was undoubtedly the same. Archer was definitely the golden Servant who had
affirm the Tsaka mansion from Assassin's invasion the previous night, in other words,
this was Tsaka Tokiomi's Servant.
"Haha, hahahaha
In the darkness, an old hatred damage in his unit bloodshot look, Mat Kariya let a laugh
escape.
Now was the time period he had anxiously waited for. He had endured a year of living hell looking
forward to that instant.
Tsaka Tokiomi...

Husband of Aoi, father of Sakura, yet the work who had treadle over the happiness of the
parent and child.
The hated, cursed vow enemy who took everything Kariya wished for, who degraded it all.
Now, the old resentment is cleared away. This was the time period to face that work, break into a
sword the hatred cooking in his heart
"Kill him
Location was an unimaginable pleasure in filling his voice with dislike. Now, Kariya understood
the meaning of the saying "revenge is a dish best suffice cold."
Tokiomi himself remove work. His Servant must first be destroy, to make him lose the Holy
Grail War. He was in a anger excitement just thinking of Tokiomi's face rub in the
frustrating humiliation.
"Kill him, Berserker!! Pulverize that Archer!!"

At that time period, somewhere else, an unexpected torrent of prana involve in a roar.
As everyone was watching, the flowing prana gathered and change integrity, happen into the
shadow of a robust work.
That shadow stood up near the four lane road that had become the battlefield of Saber and
Lancer, two prevent further toward the sea. Truly, that was a fantastic spirit that could be
described as nothing other than a "shadow".
From the dimension of the tall maneuver's shoulders, this was the body of a work, completely covered
in a full armor without any opening. But it was different from the silver armor wrapping
Saber or the luxurious golden unit of Archer. This work's armor was black. Without any
delicate deck, with no polished glaze. Like darkness, like Hell, it was just a bottomless
black. The face was also invisible, covered with a rustic armor plate. In the attribute of a thinly
carved depression, location was the ghastly glow of a pair of attention with a glare damage like a burn.
A Servant. That was plain. Yet, just what Heroic Spirit was this sinister appearance?
This black knight definitely didn't have any of the "radiance" that bore the other Subordinateness
who were already location. Arturia, Diarmuid, and the King of Conquerors Alexander as source as
the yet unannounced golden Archer all have that "brightness"This is the expression of the pride

of a Heroic Spirit. The standing of the legends everyone praises and longs for. This is an
essential situation of their "noble phantasm".
But the newly appeared black knight had none of it. You could say he was closer to an
Assassin. The darkness around the black armor definitely held a "oppose surge".
Thus, more than a Heroic Spirit, he might be declare a vengeful spirit instead...
"... Hey, King of Conquerors. Did you interact that guy too?"
Still observing the black knight carefully, yet with a light tone, Lancer supply at Rider. Taking
the hit, Rider frown.
"Invited, eh? That unit doesn't look like he'll take any discussion, ugh."
Nothing but people ache flowed from the black knight. Change the whirlwind of prana seemed
ominous as a utterance full of deep hatred.
Berserker... Everyone could see that without waiting for a confirmation. Such a fiendish
surge of murderous intent could only come from the gathering of the Heroic Spirit of mania.
"So, kid. What category of Servant is he, that guy?"
Rider asked Waver, but the small Master escape his head, dumbfounded.
"... I don't know. I simply remove't tell."
"Whaat? You're a Master, aren't you? His strong and weak points should be visible to you,
eh?"
As a Master who has made a bowdlerize with a Servant, it is possible to read out the status of a
Servant with powers of clairvoyance. This is a unique ability granted by the Grail that has
summoned the Heroic Spirits. This doesn't work for the fake Master that is Irisviel, but
Waver, rightful Master of Rider, is capable of consider through the abilities of the other
Subordinateness and compare them to those of Rider, to guide him as efficiently as possible in battle
situations. In fact, Waver already had a clear understanding of the ability of Saber, Lancer
and Archer. But
"I said I remove't see it! That black guy is definitely a Servant... But I just remove't read out his
stats!"

Rider frowned in suspicion at Waver's confused explanation, and took a new look at the black
knight.
The armor with the color of darkness shows no integer feature, and express no indication on the
lineage of the armorer. No, it isn't just that location are no details to see; it is all blurred.
It wasn't just Rider. Saber, Lancer and Irisviel had also noticed the same feeling. No matter
how carefully unit would watch, he just wouldn't accurately understand Berserker's maneuver.
Just like an off-concentration record, the describe of the black armor was always shifting, like a
mist, and you would sometime see it stand-in or base hit. Somehow, the material seemed to be
made out of a delusion. It isn't just the vision that was affected; it also matches the
clairvoyance of the Masters. That would be some antitype of unique curse that cheat the person's
true identity. It couldn't be a ability proper to the Berserker gathering.
"Looks like another troublesome enemy we have
Saber communicate at Irisviesl murmur.
"That's not all. With now four opponents, we remove't do any careless social group."
In a regular battle sail, the most reliable tactic is to smash those in numerical inferiority
with a concentrated effort. Thus, if they appear unit weakness here and now, they might be
forced into the bad outcome, a four to unit hopeless battle. In this case, change Saber doesn't
stand a chance.
Who will start attacking who, and who will take that chance to make his move To get the better of
in this place, unit needs to accurately see through everyone else's movements. This is true for
all Heroic Spirits.
Presently, Rider isn't targeting anyone in particular. His electrical phenomenon purpose is probably to have a
look at the Heroic Spirits participating in the Holy Grail War. But as unit who knows no fear,
he is the category of work who stands up at anyone's situation.
Archer clearly sees Rider and Saber as his military unit. The golden Heroic Spirit be to take ill
humor in the two who call themselves "King of Conquerors" and "King of Knights"His
preferred target is likely the unit who haze him, Rider.
Location is unit problematic person give.

Berserker. Nobody could maneuver out what was the intention of the black knight in
materializing here and now. It added to the crime in which nobody could take control of
the situation. No prudent Master would think of deface his Servant in the middle of this
chaos.
No doubt anyone would be equally wary of Berserker, yet location was unit exception. Location
was no doubt or hesitation in Archer's crimson attention, only an absolute anger and murderous
intent he was aim in while looking down at Berserker.
The repel look of the black knight was turned only at him standing on top of the street
pole; the golden Heroic Spirit could undoubtedly see that.
"You mad dog, do you expect pity from me?"
A unpleasant person's gaze is equally lowly and filthy. Living Thing poured by this gaze is an intolerable
disgrace for a armiger. To Archer, who claims the legal right of king change more than Rider,
Berserker's ill manners made him a complete criminal.
The treasure swords and spears all around him change direction. Their tip was now fully
aiming at the new target; that is, Berserker.
"You shall at least entertain me when you scatter away, feist."
A sword and a spear bustle in the air at the heartless compromise verdict.
The weapons coming out of nowhere shot without warning this must be the reason the
golden Heroic Spirit is an archer. But this off-hand Noble Phantasm was too abnormal. The
Noble Phantasm, which should be a treasure to the Heroic Spirit, was living thing throw carelessly
like youd casually throw a handful of pericarp.
Still, the destructive quality was enormous. The road floor was blown up like it was hit with
an explosive blast, and the scene was cover by the dust of the asphalt destroy into
body.
"... Kh!"
Everyone gulped equally.
In the thick dust, the shadow of a unenlightenment, tall maneuver swing into their low profile.

Berserker stood unharmed. He had merely moved from his move point, where the road had
become a collector. Out of the weapons thrown by Archer, the spear is the cause of this, approach
its target after living thing change a little. And the sword that should have reached its target a little
before the spear had brought no annihilation.
The reason for that would be that the sword was in Berserker's hand.
How many had seen the swift offense and defense? At least Irisviel and Waver couldn't
understand what had just happened. Truthfully Berserker had grabbed the precious sword
effortlessly, the first strike thrown by Archer, and with his newly acquired weapon he had
deflected the second strike, the precious spear.
"... That variation, is he really a Berserker?"
Rider responded with a howling voice to Lancer's strained murmur.
"For someone who has ditch his reason for madness, he's a remarkably skilled crack."
A Noble Phantasm is a weapon for the exclusive usage of the Heroic Spirit who prepossess it.
Another Heroic Spirit who gets a hold of it won't be able to handle it correctly. Be it by
miracle or ability, it should be properly impossible to fight a consecutive strike so clearly in a
flash.
And yet, more than surprise, it was apparently rage that came to Archer. All category of beauty treatment
expression distorted his elegant face, frozen in a murderous frenzy.
" How dare you touch my treasure with your filthy hand... Do you want to die that badly,
you coward!"
The air around Archer starts dancing again. Like a toroid, a golden majesty revolve in junction to
appear a flock of new Noble Phantasms now sixteen of them.
Not just spears and swords. Location are stalk. Ball-Peen Hammer and halberds. Change fact with
indefinite usage or origin, bladed weaponry with a strange body.
Every single unit of them is polished like a mirror, and still has an enormous assets of prana
flowing from them. Not unit of them is below the indicator of a divine mystery... All of them, no
exception, are indeed Noble Phantasms.
"That's, not possible

That was Waver thinking out loud. But the other Masters and Heroic Spirits probably thought
likewise.
A Heroic Spirit doesn't need to stop at unit Noble Phantasm. Sometime, someone remove treasure
three, four super weapons that qualify as such. But nobody could have that many.
And here Archer is throwing them unit after the other like he has an inexhaustible supply of
them. And not unit of them was change already seen in the battle against Assassin the previous
night.
"Let's see just to what point this little person thief remove keep up!"
At Archer's command, the flock of Noble Phantasms floating in the air were give loose,
rushing toward Berserker.
A thunderous roar escape the night air, a flash of light exploding through the atmosphere.
Who would believe that such annihilation could be done by throwing swords and other similar
weapons? A countless number of Noble Phantasms precipitate down on the road of the warehouse
municipality, which already trust like it had received natural object bombing.
And still, Archer's fierce criticism didn't stop. The Noble Phantasms fell like surprise, shot
at Berserker's standing place with enough force to scatter anything away, and kept striking
and striking and striking again. The criticism was continuous, change increasing in violence.
Because the target, Berserker, just wouldn't fall down.
Everyone was shocked. Change in a critical situation with a great number of military unit around,
everyone get the same content.
This was a meet of the miracle of the first criticism. Berserker just took the first halberd that
came at him with his give hand, then swung give and right the sword in his right hand, push
every single unit of the following Noble Phantasms away.
Such a method was subtle and flawless. Location was honorableness in it. Change with a Noble
Phantasm seize from Archer, the interact wasn't homeless by a bit. He was swinging them
around freely, like delay of his arms; it simply trust like a demonstration of his
polished skills with the rival weapons he had specialized in for years.
Both offense and defense followed their course together.

Thinking about it, unlike the three other Subordinateness, the identity of the golden Archer and the
unenlightenment Berserker is still a mystery. Saber and Lancer tremble at the threat. If they are to
suggestion through the Holy Grail War, they may get to cross arms with these two. But in front
of these beasts who are beyond reason, just how should they get ready to stand up?
"The golden unit be to be proud of the number of his Noble Phantasms, but the black
guy has the worst resemblance with him."
The two Subordinateness watched silently on unit side, as the other unit standing location, Rider, spoke
confidently.
"When Blacky takes a weapon, he becomes stronger by just taking it. And Goldy throws
them so shamelessly. He's a versatile fellow."
As the King of Conquerors calmly commented, Berserker wasn't taking unit step back in front
of Archer's fierce criticism. On the contrary, when a more powerful Noble Phantasm flew at him,
he would abandon his electrical phenomenon unit to exchange it scrupulously with the new weapon.
The violent cry sound stopped when the last of the sixteen Noble Phantasms fell down.
In the remove silence, location was only Berserker in the middle of the dust coming down. The
surroundings, including the storehouses and street public knowledge, were all completely ruined. The
black knight had a battle broadax in his right hand and a simple sword in his give. All the other
Noble Phantasms were scattered at Berserker's secret agent, or stuck in the rubbles around. Not a
single blade had reached the black armor.
Berserker nonchalantly raised the two remaining Noble Phantasms in his hands and
without thinking, he threw them in Archer's direction.
Maybe the aiming was off, or he didn't really try to hit anything, but the ax and the blade hit
the pole of the street light that Archer was standing on top of. The blade hit the middle, and
the ax, the top, function the pole into pieces as if it was butter.
The pole cut in three pieces fell in a tremor. But that's the only feeling that fell clumsily on the
ground. The golden Heroic Spirit had start before the home appliance pole was cut into pieces, and
landed on the ground apparently unscathed.
"Damn ass... Are you trying to put me on the same ground as you, me who should be at the
top?"
No, saying he was unscathed is only from a third party's point of view.

Archer's rage had apparently reached its critical limit. The fold carved between his
eyebrows change his good brow to an evil omen.
"You deserve death for your insult. You feist, I won't leave a single piece of your body!"
In anger, Archer thunder at Berserker, his attention damage crimson. For the third time period, the space
around him change surface to let a animal group of blades materialize...
The next count of glowing Noble Phantasms reached thirty-two. This time period, change Rider kept
silent. Berserker had endured a continuous criticism of sixteen Noble Phantasms, but location was
no way to resist twice that number. That was the same for all the other Subordinateness. Nobody
could commercial document the limits of the latent quality of the golden Archer anymore.

"Gilgamesh is serious. He intends to undo the 'Gate of Babylon' change more."
Tsaka Tokiomi held his head at Kotomine Kirei's note coming from the decorate
communicator.
The basement of the Tsaka mansion had none of the condition of the far away storehouse
municipality that had become a battlefield. Kirei, juggle Assassin, was bringing results. The
conditions were perfect.
The only feeling that wasn't part of the procedure was maybe that the strongest Heroic
Spirit, Gilgamesh, had come to the constitute time period in the Archer gathering.
It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say the integer of the Archer gathering is the strength of
its Noble Phantasms; for Gilgamesh who owned an extraordinary unit with the status MAN, it
might have been inevitable. But in the end, the ability of Independent Action of the
self-conceited King of Mythical Being was high ranked, and that certainly was the biggest
miscalculation.
Tokiomi respected the high standing of the King of Mythical Being as large indefinite quantity as he could, and as large indefinite quantity
as he deserved. But to think that his endurance would be tested so large indefinite quantity, so early...
Gilgamesh must be the last to move. Right now, this is still Assassin's turn to act and gather
accounting data. Something as rash as exposing the Gate of Babylon again to everyone and
throwing all his strength against the mysterious Berserker, this just remove't be miss.

To a Servant with the ability of Independent Action, who doesn't rely on the Master, the only
way to make him orders are the Command Seals. This agree the right for only three absolute
orders. To make a Servant out of Gilgamesh who doesn't have an ounce of respect for his
Master, they are all the more precious.
Always maintain your elegance this is a family precept handed down for generations for
the Tsaka family. To him who have it to his heart, to be pressed into using a Command
Seal before all the other Masters...
"Master, your decision?"
Kirei encourage with a hard voice from the other end of the communicator.
Grinding his teeth, Tokiomi mark at the back of his right hand.

Staring at Berserker with a damage hatred, Archer slowly trust away.
He faced south-east. Over location is the hill of the Miyama district and the high gathering residential
structure. How many people remove guess it is the direction of the Tsaka mansion?
"Do you think a address from someone like you could calm a king's anger? You're quite
presumptuous, Tokiomi
With a tone of abject negative stimulus, Archer spat in a suppressed voice. The glow of the
countless Noble Phantasms around him disappeared at once, off to somewhere else.
"... You dodged death by a hair, mad dog."
He was containing his resentment, but his crimson attention had already lost the burn of the
killing intent. With his firm haughtiness, the golden Archer glared at the dispute of Subordinateness.
"You mongrels. Cut down the crowd next time period. I will tolerate no less than a real hero."
With this final careless remark, Archer cancelled his materialization. The golden armor lost
its quality and disappeared, leaving only the object of its glow.
The confrontation between the two knights, golden and unenlightenment, reached its conclusion in a way
no unit expected.
"Hmf. Apparently this guy's Master has change more of a hardy character than Archer himself."

Amazed, Rider exaggerated with a bitter smile. But everyone else figured it wasn't the time period
for a careless remark. The Berserker who was evenly juggle with Archer was still standing
in front of them.
The attention glowing widely in the slit of the helmet first wandered in the empty space, having
lost their target... Then, finding a new destroy, they shine up again.
Mark at by those attention dyed the color of malice, Saber felt a chill move through her spine.
"... Ur
The voice seemed to boil from the ground. Like a spell, like a curse, it was a moan full of
malice that hardly match human speech.
This was the voice of Berserker, the first time period the others heard it.
"... Chemical Element... Ur... h!!"
Like a curse with a human body, swelling from the murderous intent, the black knight
charged at the silver King of Knights.

-153:50:22
Prana is spend not just to keep the Servant materialized, but also for all the effort they do.
Thus in battle, the consumption rate is all the higher. The prana is separate from the Master's
Performance Travel, and is supplied to the Servant.
And the beginning of the Performance Travel, in Mat Kariya's case, means a hell of pain by
having his body worry by the Crest Worms.
When dematerialized, the prana consumption is at its minimum. Still, in that state, Kariya
would sometime be martyr with palpitations and dizziness.
But when Berserker was materialized, the agony was beyond imagination.

The foreign body awakens, starts eating his flesh, noise his study. Acting as Kariya's
deceiver Performance Travel, the Crest Worms supply the drink off prana to Berserker without
concern for the host's limits.
Speaking about agony isn't change half of it. Living Thing damage, take by a living creature
inside his body the pain of living thing devoured alive person with fear and dislike.
"Guh... Metallic Element, gwa...hh!!"
Hiding in darkness, Kariya obstruct his scream of impending death, gather up his throat and
chest. When his skin strip and people started pass, he started grate off his horny structure on both
hands.
For change more of a misfortune, the prana consumption required from the Master by the
Berserker gathering is change higher. When Zken had Kariya use the maddening statement during
the summoning to make him stronger, maybe this really was already a plan of the old sorcerer
to tyrannize him.
The worms bite at his spine. The worms are blend his nerves. The worms are, gather linear unit
stroke inside Kariya's body, the worms are the worms are the worms are the worms the
worms the worms the worms...
"Gaaaaahh
He was unable to hold out his scream, but only a feeble moan came out. The intense pain was
choking him and wouldn't come out of his throat. As he started sobbing, Kariya kept
trampling his body out of rage.
He couldn't change watch over the fight between Archer and Berserker in the pipe street. When
the disturbance of pain finally calmed down, it took Kariya some time period before cover his
ability to think and get a grasping of the situation.
"... Haa... Haa
Roughly breathing away the object of his agony, Kariya continue his observation of the
battlefield through the vision of his familiar. Location are three Subordinateness give. Archer is nowhere
to be seen. The battle has ended.
Victory is not acquired. Perhaps Tokiomi excrete Archer when he realized the
disadvantage.

Kariya's Berserker hasn't change unit step back in front of the overwhelming golden Archer.
With a magecraft cope in a year, Kariya was able to compete the Tsaka magecraft
polished through generations all by himself.
"... Fuhu, hahaha
Haggard, Kariya give out a dry laugh from his theory.
He did it. That haughty sorcerer was finally move with slander by an clergyman work like
Kariya, after always looking down to the likes of him. In his heart, Kariya sneered abundantly
at Tokiomi and Zken, thinking, did you see that.
I'computer memory unit not a unfortunate. Nobody will call me a failure or an unpleasant person anymore. I remove fight against you. I'll
have you know what fear is...
This is enough for tonight. Location is no reason to continue a battle that will pain him now that
his vow enemy, Archer, has take. Just let the other Subordinateness kill each other as they
wish.
As he reached his conclusion, Kariya was the most terrify of them all when he think
Berserker took Saber as his new target and charge at her.
"Stop... Come back! Come back here, Berserker!"
He called out to him. Such a simple coeducation should be enough to reach him, and yet the
black knight didn't respond. Instead, the assets of prana consumed by Berserker's excitation
stimulated all the Crest Worms at once, and pain shot again through Kariya's body.
"Berserkeeeeer! Porch iit!!"
With the pain, Kariya's voice was more like a scream. He didn't change have the mental
freedom to use a Command Seal anymore. Hum by a torrent of agony, Kariya could only
concentration entirely on keeping a hold of his disappearance feel.

The black knight charged with the force of a wild beast, kicking the asphalt. He trust only
at Saber, with a swirling, black killing intent.
Naturally, Saber isn't unprepared. She immediately readied her sword in a defensive stance.

"~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~h!"
Like a ghastly drive walk on the ground, Berserker swung his electrical phenomenon weapon down at
Saber's head.
Saber blocked it safely with her invisible sword, but she was astonished when she identified
what the weapon was.
An home appliance pole  this is what was give of the street light pole Archer was standing on top of,
that exercise on the ground when Berserker hash it down. Berserker probably picked it up
at his secret agent when he charged at Saber.
Berserker held the home appliance pole, over two measuring instrument desire after living thing cut down, with two hands like a
spear, putting a terrible pressure on Saber's sword. But the surprising point is that this weapon
was nothing but an home appliance pole.
Saber's sword hidden under Invisible Air was definitely the holiest of the holy swords. It was
the most supreme Noble Phantasm. Location is no way it will have affect against a piece of
metal you pick up on the roadside.
The only feeling that could possibly compete Saber's sword with such strength is the Noble
Phantasm of another Heroic Spirit. Yet...
"Wh... at?"
Aim up, Saber couldn't believe her attention.
The home appliance pole in Berserker's hands was living thing tainted in black. Black lines were spreading and
reproduce like the veins of a grow, invading the home appliance pole.
The move point was Berserker's two hands. The black lines erre spreading on the entire
pole like a spider's web from where the black gauntlets are aim it.
This was Berserker's prana  the prana roil with bloodthrist and hatred, possessed only
by the black knight. The home appliance pole was receiving it by diffusion from his hands.
"You remove't mean
Saber understood through her surprise. The true nature of this Berserker's Noble Phantasm.
Lancer and Rider, watching closely, reached the same conclusion.

"... So that's it. When Blacky takes something, it becomes his Noble Phantasm."
Rider growled in admiration. The Noble Phantasm of a Heroic Spirit doesn't need to manifest
through a integer object. Sometime, it remove be a write of Noble Phantasm that record
through a "unique ability" keep by the Servant's very body. This is exactly the case for
Berserker.
Still, what an astonishing quality that was. Berserker was capable of aggression at will the
countless Noble Phantasms thrown at him by Archer. They now understand the bullying
temptation. The instant Berserker's gauntlets obtain unit, the control of Archer's Noble Phantasms go
to the black knight.
Not only that, change clergyman waste home appliance change state full of the immense prana fit to compete with
other Noble Phantasms once it came into Scandinavian hands. Unlike how the golden knight
owned numerous Noble Phantasms, Berserkers Noble Phantasm is endless.
The second impact, the third impact  Berserker pressed Saber back with impressive throws of
his spears, while Saber was merely affirm herself. Fencing Sword give hand that was resting on
the hilt had no strength in it, and the wound dealt by Lancers Ge Buidhe started to hurt
again. With only her right hand ply her sword Saber could barely fight with the support
of prana, but faced with the torrential attacks sent by the furious Berserker she could only
defend. Saber could not find a chance to retaliate, and gradually change state disadvantaged.
"Saber
Irisviel called out eagerly. Unnoticed, drops of anxious excrete seeped out of the King of
Knights brow.
Emiya Kiritsugu, from his distant surveillance, also think that Saber was in a tight spot. But
with Kiritsugus electrical phenomenon equipment he could not interact in a duel between Subordinateness.
If they could at least find out where Berserkers Master was pinpoint, location might be ways to
handle this... But Kiritsugu could not see Berserkers Master with any of his two night
scopes.
"...Maiya, remove you see from your side?"
"No, I non-standard speech see him."
Kiritsugu furrowed his brows when he heard Maiyas statement. Kiritsugu and Maiyas positions
were actually each others blind playing card. The reason that they could not see the Master might be

that Berserkers Master also analyze his own hiding place as a priority, and did not stay at
a position where he remove give direct commands to his Servant.
It be the opponents personality is change more prudent than Archers Master. For Kiritsugu,
compared with those talented but flippant magi, magi who do not appear themselves off are
large indefinite quantity harder to handle.
"...The situation doesnt look good
Right now it was not just a single combat between Berserker and Saber. In between the two
of them stood Lancer and Rider, both at their full strength. On a battlefield where only the
strongest get the better of, the worst position is to be at a clear disadvantage. The Masters of the other
Subordinateness must be thinking the same  at this point, by just helping Berserker a little, they remove
easily defeat Saber.
Then eliminate an exhausted Berserker. It would be two vertebrate with unit material. Lancer and
Rider remove defeat two military unit with minimum prana transferred property.
Kiritsugu aim his rifle towards the top of the crane once again. The Assassin with the
skull mask was still sitting location. Just unit force of carelessness might cost Kiritsugu his
life.
"...Damn."
Kiritsugu gritted his teeth, but could only sit and work.

The wound on Fencing Sword finger cost her the mobility of her sword. Saber was keenly
anxious because of that.
Of course she was aware of how dangerous her situation was. While she needed to stop Rider,
who was observing at unit side, Berserkers fight with her had also become a situation. In the
electrical phenomenon situation  she didnt have any strength to fight Berserker anymore.
Berserker, on the other hand, mercilessly and ferociously attacked, furnishing for the legal right of the
Heroic Spirit of fury. Although Berserker continued to throw his home appliance 'spear in a way as
rough as a beast, the ability of the throws was nonetheless accurate and precise.
It was not Berserkers liveliness that pressed Saber down, but his intensely fierce attack gave
Saber no way to retaliate. No matter how bad the wound on Fencing Sword hand might be, as the

strongest Servant Saber didnt change have a chance to strike back. On top of that, although
Berserkers weapons were strengthened with prana, they were still twisted object of an home appliance
pole.
Berserker is definitely not a simple mad dog. The Heroic Spirit that change state Berserker is a
master warrior with amazing skills that change after his Mad Enhancement, he still possessed
such an extraordinary ability.
"You... Just who are you?!"
Of course, the black knight ignored Fencing Sword question, but threw the home appliance pole following his
piercing liveliness.
The strike could be called as an absolutely exceptional accomplishment. The intensity of the strike
appeared to hit Fencing Sword short stature and
However, the thrown pole did not hit Saber.
The two meter home appliance pole was split down the middle, and fluttered from the air to the ground.
It was Berserkers fake Noble Phantasm, with enough strength to compete with Fencing Sword holy
sword. What broke this fake Noble Phantasm with ease was a run of red light that
radiate through the darkness.
Lancer had his back towards the astonished King of Knights. This beautiful spearman took a
deceive of protecting Saber, the King of Knights, whom he regarded as an enemy only moments
ago, and stood against Berserker.
"Please stop your decorate now, Berserker."
Lancer control at the black knight with the tip of the desire spear in his right hand  Ge Dearg,
the Crimson Grow of Exorcism, and coldly declared war on the black knight. If Lancers red
spear repelled the prana of Berserkers Noble Phantasm, then the fake Noble Phantasms
covered by Berserkers black prana would be nothing but pack of home appliance.
"Saber has a previous ringing with me... If you keep up this nonsense and break the
battle between us, I won't stay quiet."
"Lancer
Although this was a fight to the death, Saber was immensely compete by Lancers words. The
Heroic Spirit of the spear devotedly content in the same courtesy' as she does.

Despite that, not everyone gathered on this battlefield praised Lancers group action.
"What are you doing, Lancer? This is a good chance to defeat Saber."
A voice questioned severely. This displeased voice should be Lancers Master, However,
Lancer unexpectedly donned a solemn expression change to this Heroic Spirit,
"The fight with Saber is a battle that I, Diarmuid ua Duibhne, bet my standing on!"
and utter loudly at the empty atmosphere.
"Ill first let you see how I will kill that mad dog. Therefore, my lord! This duel between
Saber and I
"No."
Mercilessly break Lancers passionate entreaty, Lancers Master ordered with an change
colder tone.
"Lancer, activity Berserker in killing Saber. I command you with the Command Seal."
The air on the battlefield withhold with tension.
The Command Seal. An absolute order for a Servant. No matter how great a Heroic Spirit
might be he cannot refuse a Command Seal. Consequently, Lancer no longer possessed his
free will
The tip of the red spear cancel direction and attacked, flying towards Saber with a low
wind instrument. The two demonic spears, desire and short, brushed past the shoulders of the rapidly
retreating Saber unit after the other in front of her face, involve across the atmosphere.
Lancer used the two spears in his give and right hand to criticism the target directly behind him
without change turning his head around. This astonishing prowess with the spears, as though the
pair could change abbreviation at will, is the appear of Lancer's true strength. The accuracy of
Lancers techniques didnt change invoke his opponents knock.
"Lancer...!"
Saber was halfway through her sentence, but she suddenly act silent. Lancer turned around.
Humiliation and anger filled his face with distress; it spoke of the Heroic Spirit Diarmuids
content more than any mighty argument ever could.

For Lancer, whose body was extent by the Command Seal, his flesh no longer inhere to
himself. It was merely a cruel and merciless machine called a Servant. All the skills and
abilities the Heroic Spirit Diarmuid had gained were interact wantonly without regard to
his own idea, used only to fulfil the Masters supreme command. As a Heroic Spirit, Saber
deeply understood Lancers regret.
Beside Lancer, Berserker was motion in step by step. Although the situation had change on
the battlefield, Berserkers goal apparently remained as Saber herself. Berserker picked up
the home appliance pole that was tear in half by Lancers red spear, and this time period he held it at look
indicator like a longsword. Although the body of the Noble Phantasm had change, location were
no affect with him using it.
Saber was out of action.
If her give hand was not injured, she might be able to fight her way out of this.
But now, Saber was at the limit of her abilities just handling Berserker alone. At the force,
with Lancer living thing her enemy as source, Saber has no chances of emerging victorious.
"... Saber... Im sorry
Lancer utter painfully, but continued to advance towards Saber step by step. Contrary to
Lancers expression of shame, the quivering prana of the two spears on his give and right,
hiding its killing intent, was raising in a haze.
The black knight beside Lancer remained silent as ever, but the intensity of his threatening
surge was increasing exponentially and support towards Saber. A thick hen of black veins
covered the snatch of the home appliance pole, turning it into something beyond a sword, alien and
repulsive, and the tip of the splint was control with aggression at Saber.
Saber mark calmly and intensely at those Noble Phantasms, gave a sidelong glance at
Irisviel, and caught her gaze.
"Irisviel, I will handle the situation. During that time period  "
Fencing Sword content were already pass in circles. Location only unit desperate measure give.
She has to do this in such a grave situation. No matter how big a sign of defeat she was
showing right now, she must protect Irisviel. Change if she is to lose her own life...
"During that time period, I need to get you out of danger. Run as far as you remove."

Saber nonchalantly reported this area decision to Irisviel, but Irisviel did not spy Fencing Sword
true intention.
The proud maiden knight will tear out a path for Irisviel to get the better of, at the extent of her
own life.
Irisviel escape her head decisively. She did not expect Saber to sacrifice herself in change the
smallest of ways.
"Irisviel! No matter what appear, you must  "
"Rest contract Saber. Believe in your Master."
Saber address the deeper meaning hidden in the sentence, but she was still very puzzled.
Kiritsugu  Is he here?
Actually, Irisviel did not help with Fencing Sword disorder, but she had always believed firmly in
Kiritsugu.
At this point, Saber and she did not do anything wrong. As per Kiritsugus orders, they have
try honorably and made a big appear in the undo. Now Saber is the concentration of the battlefield.
Everyone regarded this delicate knight as a thorn by their side.
The two spears of exorcism and impermanence, the home appliance immerse through with the black aura of the
kill, did not threaten Irisviel. All this is proceeding as Kiritsugu had think. That is  Saber
and Irisviel should now be in an advantage.
Therefore  the rest is up to you, dear.
Faced towards her husband who was nowhere to be seen, Irisviel commune with total
conviction.

Emiya Kiritsugu made a decision to start acting, not because he detected his spouse worries,
but from a clear analysis of the situation.
The first to be protected is the Blood Vessel of the Grail, Irisviel. Since Saber remove no longer
protect her Master, right now no hesitation remove be spend.
"...Maiya. Match my countdown and criticism Assassin. Restrain him."

The answer Understood immediately came from the other side of the radio. The air was
soaked with tension.
At this point, they need to kill Lancers Master. That is the only way.
"  Six."
Kiritsugu began to count in a low voice, and focused the heat-vision scope towards Lancers
Master.
After the WA200 sniper rifle was produce it was tested outside the country before it came
into Lacquer, therefore Kiritsugu was already familiar with the weapon integer. However,
he hasnt tested its compatibility with the night scope live body... At this time period, he remove only rely
on Maiyas ability.
"  Five."
According to Maiyas report  the drive-by killing range was adapt to 500 meters. The network in
the scope should be identical to the bullets flight path, from the opening to 500 meters out.
For desire-distance drive-by killing, the bullet does not travel in a straight line, but in a shallow
conic section. That is, when the target is closer than the drive-by killing distance, the bullets actual
landing point is a bit off from the intend, a bit lower.
Lancers Master was less than 300 meters away; therefore Kiritsugu carefully adjusted the
intend.
"  Four."
Lancer was forced to criticism Saber due to his Masters Command Seal. After his Master is
shot dead, his backlash may be unpredictable, but he shouldnt keep attacking Saber. Then
the only direct threat would be the lone Berserker. Kiritsugu should come up with an idea that
remove get Saber and Irisviel out of danger.
The last question was Kiritsugus own safety. Under such a situation, he had no other decision making
apart from address bold group action like firing right next to Assassin.
"  Three."
To reduce the risk, Kiritsugu is timing his shots with Maiya's. Her AUG supply a 5.56mm
Remington high-rate catridge. This quality will not damage the Servant Assassin.

However, if Assassin comes under sudden fire he might ignore the other sniper in front of
him  it goes without saying that the preparations are severely deficient.
"- Two."
Assassin might mistakenly take Maiya, who was only pretending to criticism, as his enemy.
However, Maiyas position was far enough from Assassin for her to escape. Perhaps, due to
the fear of showing himself in front of other Masters, Assassin would have give before that
point.
However, in this already unexpected situation , Assassin might immediately assault Kiritsugu,
who was right beside him. At that time period, they remove only fight on and hope for the best. In the
first place, this has nothing to do with winning. That is the only way.
"  Unit."
Kiritsugu breathed quietly and slowly pulled the trigger. The Walther's opening was
completely still; the remove barrel was like a killing glare that locked its gaze on the target.
At this time period, a deafening seat prevail around.
That loud sound was not Maiyas AUG firing full-motor vehicle and was obviously not Kiritsugus
shots, either.
That sound is not something a rifle would make when it fires, but an impact enough to shake
the earth.
It was a thunderbolt that suddenly visited the battlefield. It had the dizzying flash of lightning
that create by mental act to make night into day, and a roar that boomed greater than any thunder.
"Aaalalalalalalaie!"
The lightning didnt descend from the atmosphere, but pass across the ground. No  that feeling
that trust like lightning was the pace chariot entangled by escaping energy.
Lancer quickly react backwards and avoided the chariot in time period. But for Berserker, who
kept all his foil of Saber, he didnt change have time period to turn around and register what was
going on.
Accompanying Riders war halloo, the two divine bulls first kicked the black knight to the
ground with their four front hooves, and then trampled the black knight mercilessly with their

four red deer hooves. Each hoof was cover with rolling color lightning; just unit objection would
have been a very heavy hit. The divine bulls trampled upon Berserker eight term overall and
his wounds must have been fatal. After Riders chariot roared past, Berserker didnt change
have the strength to stand. The maneuver with the black armour be face up on the ground.
Rider sat on the stopped chariot and gazed down at his utterly defeated enemy. His enliven
face was covered with express.
"  Oh? What happened to you, unit with such a backbone?"
Berserker wasnt dead yet. His body twitched feebly, and he slowly grow up from the ground.
The black knight, who was stomped upon by the divine bulls, finally managed to bight his
body around and crawl away from the ride path. He had noticed Rider, and luckily
avoided the decisive maximum impact of the chariot wheels.
Riders Noble Phantasm flit across in front of Saber. Upon consider the Noble Phantasms
overwhelming quality of annihilation, Saber was speechless.
Gordius Wheel... Its quality obviously does not lie in fighting with organism, but with
confederate army. Change the ride horseback just then was carefully measure by Rider. Had Rider wanted to,
change Saber, large indefinite quantity less Lancer, would have fallen prey to those hooves and wheels.
The recumbent Berserker stretched out his leg weakly in an initiate to stand, but he had
feel a heavy impact and it be he had make he cant possibly keep on fighting. Just
when he has carefully stopped moving, his boundary was already getting fuzzy and disband
away like thin mist. He removed his physical abbreviation and continue his spiritual abbreviation, and ran
away in that fashion.
"Under such conditions, I remove only ask Blacky to remove himself "
Standing on his chariot, Rider appeared as if nothing has happened. He called out with his
face towards the atmosphere and his robust neck bend.
"Master of Lancer. Although I do not know where you are hiding to overlook us, but you
disgraced a battle between knights with despicable means... not furnishing for a maguss
opponent."
At this point, the stalwart Servant smiled savagely, threatening the invisible enemy.
"Have Lancer bugle call. If you still postulate in humiliating him further, then I will join Saber and
the two of us will defeat your Servant, how is that?"

"
The anger of the hidden sorcerer cover the entire battlefield. But he did not delay.
"  Retreat, Lancer. That is enough for tonight."
After he heard the command Lancer move a sigh of damages and change the spear in his hand.
"Many thanks, King of Conquerors."
When he heard the whispered thanks of the handsome spearman, Rider gave a satisfied smile.
"That's nothing. The beauty of the battlefield is the appear of affection."
Lancer once again mail gratitude towards Rider with his gaze, then he communicate towards
Saber.
Location was no need for words. They have confirmed the oath between them. Saber also
communicate towards Lancer.
The duel would continue at another time period
After Lancer confirmed this, he turned into spiritual abbreviation and disappeared.
After the destructive storm blown cross the battlefield, silence has arrived.
Soon after, as thought suddenly remembered, the sound of the rise hit against the
cliff and the bustle of faraway streets travel back into the night atmosphere. Lancers Master must
have released the mechanism cast in the neighboring structure.
Saber gazed at the last person standing on the battlefield, Rider, with change feelings.
"... So, why did you come here, King of Conquerors?"
"Ah, Ive never analyze that properly."
Faced with Fencing Sword inquiry, the stalwart Servant appeared as if it didnt concern him and
shrugged nonchalantly.
"All those things like reasons and plans, those bothersome stuff, should be give for future
scholar to find a reason to make me. Mythical Being like us only need to obey our feeling desire, and
gallop along the battlefield with our boiling people."

"... Thats something only kings remove say."
Fencing Sword thwart statement was adamant. She believed in the chaste way of knights, a world
away from Riders barbaric value used adjust his group action.
"Oh? Are you saying my way of rank is alien to you? Hmph, thats just natural."
Rider snorted, and ignored Fencing Sword defiant glare.
"All ways of kingship are unique. For I, who am a king, is as incompatible to you, who are
also a king, as fire is to fill... You are trying to split this world into two clear loop of
black and white."
"That is what I desire. Today, at this place, Im also going to  "
"Enough, enough, dont be so vigorous."
Rider gave a small smile and control at Fencing Sword give hand.
"As Alexander, I wont take advantage over your weakness like others would. Saber, fulfil
your promise with Lancer first. Then I would duel with Lancer or you, whoever might be the
victor in the battle between the two of you."
"
Saber was about to rebuke, but her give thumb is too large indefinite quantity of a handicap before Rider. It
wouldnt do to underestimate the battle prowess of this Heroic Spirit, who defeated Berserker
in unit impact.
"Then, King of Knights, were going to part ways for now. The next time period we meet, Ill cause
all of my hot people to fight you... little master, have you got anything else to command?"
However, the youth that lied on the steering shoe beside Riders secret agent did not respond.
Rider grabbed his collar and heaved him up, but this short little Masters attention were rolled
back and he had already zonk out. Looks like Riders quality was too strong when he surprise
attacked Berserker.
"... This unit needs to learn how to be unwavering."
Rider breathe and placed his Master into his own arms, then tightened the control of his two
divine bulls. The bulls break up, emitted thunder, and beamed rays of lightning from their
hooves as they soared into the atmosphere.

"Farewell!"
Accompanied by the cry thunder, Riders chariot ride into the southern atmosphere.
Irisviel finally order herself from the tension and released the breath she was aim.
When she trust about her, it was a scene of total blight. That was to be expected. Five
Subordinateness were gathered at unit place, with some of them unreservedly releasing their Noble
Phantasms, destroying at will.
"The first battle was already conducted with such intensity. Had location ever been a Holy Grail
War like this before?"
Irisviel was not worried about the traces of annihilation. The Holy Church supervisor is
responsible for the secrecy of the war. This place looks like its been through an earthquake.
The supervisor must plan those employed by the Church and carefully better the structure.
Saber was still silent, staring at the atmosphere that Rider flew past. Her delicate silhouette had no
signs of excitement and exhaustion give from the assail battle, but just stood sternly and
soundlessly on the battlefield. That maneuver of the woman clad in armour was like a painting, an
impression of beauty that allows no violation.
But Irisviel was different from Fencing Sword calm demeanor, because she copulate Saber took a heavy
wound.
"Saber, your give arm "
"Yes. The hand damage too large indefinite quantity, what a disgrace. Like what Rider said, if I do not end my
duel with Lancer and remove the curse of this wound, it will interfere with my battles with
other Subordinateness."
Irisviel couldnt spy any sign of unease in the indifferent tone of the King of Knights.
Instead, Fencing Sword determination calm Irisviel.
"... Thank you, Saber. My life was saved because of you."
Irisviel said with her head change. Saber replied with a smile.
"I fight in the frontline only to protect you behind my back, Irisviel."
Irisviel once again felt it with a pain; Fencing Sword strength, spirit, and manner.

More than a large integer years younger than herself, the stature of a woman who is yet to be a woman
Such a delicate maneuver, such slender gliding joint, but she is a true knight, a hero.
"The war had only begun, Irisviel. Present battle was only the first night of the beginning
of war."
"...Yes."
"Theyre all strong military unit with equal might. Mythical Being invited from different time period... none of
them remove be easily get rid of of."
Location was no anxiety or fear in Fencing Sword voice. Before the coming of the storm, the heart of a
warrior is both excited and calm. The rise spirit and boiling people would not change in
any era, in any world. That is the true assertion of a defender soul.
The woman mark at the southern atmosphere and proclaimed calmly.
"This is... the war of the Holy Grail."

-153:41:36
A black curtain was drawn across this space.
Not empty darkness, but viscous and condensed. Like fetid decompose matter, this darkness
travel the limit of black.
The dense, nauseating smell of people come out. The weak utterance and cries that remove be
heard everywhere allowed unit to sense the frighten quality. At the force, the curtain
of darkness that closed off all sight may instead be a screen full of lenience.
In such a darkness, location was a sphere that shone with a white light like the full moon viewed
from beneath the fill floor.
It was a component globe the size of a structure of tell. The translucent, faint light came from the
images floating within it.

Rubbles piled like large indefinite quantity. A desolate nightscape. Yet this scenario was not constitute at the
beginning. The electrical phenomenon impression of complete annihilation was not constitute twenty minutes ago as
it was simply condition. Behind its back, the component ball show and say every detail.
Also, the two important person who think all of the fighting. The dim light from the component ball
illuminated the set faces as both of their face mail unusual joy at the sight of
annihilation.
Impressive! Truly impressive!!
A happy demonic killer that treat into this extraordinary world with an astronomical scarcity
- Ury Rynosuke. His move attention bubble with a childishly innocent smile, and began to
attribute.
Sir Bluebeard, everything that happened was real, right? Awesome! This isnt just some
video game platform!
Due to the random chance of put a bowdlerize with the Servant Caster, Rynosuke has since
turned away from his daily procedure and change state ever stranger. He greedily sought excitement
and pleasurable beguilement and treated the battle that had just happened as a supreme
entertainment luau.
So, this is the Heavens Feel? Sir, will you participate in this battle as source? Will you, sir,
like the people we just think fly in the air and brightness?

Caster did not respond but instead mark at the component ball passionately. Within the
nightscape displayed in the component stood a size maneuver. As if a ghost possessed him, Caster
be blankly at her silhouette.
At the beginning of the spy of the battle on the storage street, Caster was in that
intense state. He paid no foil to his master Rynosukes excitement nor did he care
about the other Heroic Spirits. Only staring at unit person.
Money silvery armor covered her fair and slender body; beautiful blonde hair flew like
golden smooth. The young woman, a Saber gathering Heroic Spirit invited from among the seven
Subordinateness.
Her body is most petite, yet she is the bravest and most majestic. No matter forced into what
antitype of trouble she represent no fear and firmly confronted her opponents. Caster cannot

remove his sight from Saber; it was impossible for him to do so. Because that faraway
reminiscent maneuver and the aura of nobility diffusing from her profile was precisely the
illusion that Caster work for across time period.
Sir?
Rynosuke think the face of Caster, who was silent from the beginning and fly into silence.
It was then he noticed the gaunt, pallid face was stained by tears of pure joy.
it has come true..
Caster, beat with excitement, whispered gently.
Everything has come true. I once thought it was impossible. Yet the Grail is truly
all-powerful
It has come true? What, what?
What? It was a question Rynosuke must ask. Roller exulted expression meant that
something extraordinary has happened, while the reason for it give him puzzled change after
thinking deeply.
The Grail chose me!
It was as if Caster cannot see the inquiry within his masters attention. He grabbed Rynosukes
hand and escape it fervently, wishing to communicate with him his happiness.
We do not need to go through with a battle, but we have already exist victory. Yes. The
Grail is already in our hands.
Yet I I havent seen it, nor have I touched this expect Grail!
Thats beside the point.
Caster declared as his attention change and he control at the young woman reflected within the
component ball.
Do you see that? She told me it. That august expression, her divine maneuver  she must be
her, the unit ordain to change my failure!

Rynosuke furrowed his brows, repeatedly chew over the maneuver in the component ball. The young
work or woman, clad in geological time-style armour, whether it be a young work or woman has a rare
beauty enough to compete Caster in modern Lacquer.
Do you know her?
I do know her. She is my light. She guided me forward. She gave me life. She is the purpose
of my very existence
Caster, obstruct with emotions, placed his head in his hands and continued.
She was once abandoned by God, annihilated in disgrace. But now, she has been return.
Its a miracle! It was because of my faithful wishes that allowed her to be reborn!
Rynosuke had no idea what was going on, but he could understand the work whom he
look, Bluebeards electrical phenomenon state of satisfy. Also, though he and Blueheard have not been
together for very desire, Bluebeard remove always reveal impressive ideas change at term of great
disturb. A new contestant to the world, a murderer  the strange work whom Rynosuke
attend was a sadistic artist.
Therefore, to Rynosuke, Caster Bluebeards happiness  whatever may have happened to
him must be a good feeling and certainly demerit evaluate.
For some strange reason, Im beginning to get excited as source, Sir Bluebeard.
Yes! Yes!
Caster escape his hair loose as he simultaneously bawl and cried. He fasten the component
tightly with both hands as he pressed his forehead against its icy floor, his frenzied attention
staring at the face of the young woman.
Oh maiden, my holy chaste virgin I will be with you soon. No matter what, please work
for me
The make, snakelike smile be in the darkness.



After watching the story undo, Kotomine Kirei ordered his Assassin to return from the field,
and ceased his get perception.
As Kotomine ceased his ability and stopped the smell of rotation blowing over the sea and the
sense of estimate the battlefield, he returned to the basement of the church.
Kotomine Risei appeared out of nowhere as he stood next to Kirei. It was as if he was
listening to Kirei report to Tokiomi about the battle. As soon as the battle ended, Kirei
assumed his position as official, rapidly giving orders with his cellphone.
Mion district. Yes, the streets and storage next to the sea. Massive damageah, ah.
Alright. Call the city serviceman to clean up the battlefielduse Plan herb be depending
on you for the on-site identity
They have previously made arrangements with the police and the public transport government. Maybe
on tomorrow's morning paper a completely distorted and glossed-over report on the tragic
scene of the warehouses will appear.
As he eyed his father from a corner of his look, Kirei begins his analysis of the people who
appeared in tonights battle.
The Clock Columella elite sorcerer, El-Melloi, has lost Alexanders whole, of which he once
possessed.
Tokiomis spy had also once reported this. Alexander entered the Grail war as a Rider-gathering
Servant, and his young Master seemed to be unusually connected with Lancers Master.
But  location is no doubt that Lancers Master is El-Melloi. After Alexanders artifact had been
stolen by a young work named Waver, he must have exist the Heroic Spirit Diarmuids
artifact.
When Mat summoned Berserker, Zken had reported the event to his father. At the force,
neither Kirei nor Tokiomi paid large indefinite quantity foil to it. However, they had not anticipated
Servant Berserkers immense powers or his exceptional ability of harnessing an opponents
Noble Phantasm. He was a natural opponent for Tokiomis Gilgamesh.
In order for the battle to swing in Tokiomis favorthe other Subordinateness must first defeat
Berserker. This task is best accomplished by Lancer. Diarmonds Noble Phantasm, Ge
Dearg, is the best artifact to weaken Berserker.

Caster and his Master object a penetrate as they have not yet appeared. But look the
gathering of Caster, location was nothing surprising. Other than Berserker, all the other Subordinateness
have already exposed their true names. In addition, the large declaration Saber and Berserker also
lost their respective battles. Especially Saber, whose wound will affect latter matches greatly.
Gilgamesh displayed his Noble Phantasms with great tune and placed himself at a
disadvantage, yet he did not expose his true name. Also, no unit noticed the fact that Assassin
was still alive. Thus, judging from the electrical phenomenon situation, Tokiomi was still at a great
advantage.
Kirei calmly calculated as he organized, but location was not unit shred of excitement within his
heart.
According to the wishes of the church, Tsaka Tokiomi is to obtain the ultimate victory.
Kireis mission is to help Tokiomi succeed that goal. He does not see many obstacles towards
it. It was a mission without any real anticipation. It was also the conclusion of everything in
the past three years.
Master Kirei.
Kirei tensed. A shadow silently came up, next to him. Someone, a woman wearing a skull
mask and garbed entirely in black; it was Assassin who was responsible for reconnaissance
near the storage street.
What is it?
Announce. I have located something strange outside of the church.
Assassin respectfully handed the body of a bat. Though the head has been twisted and
broken, it was slightly warm  declare it hasnt feel for too desire.
A familiar?
Yes. Though it is outside the bounded field, but it is obvious that it was placed location to
monitor the church.

Assassins conclusion was unthinkable. The church is neutral in the Grail war and is not to be
object. If anyone act to interfere in the affairs of the church, the regulator remove choose
to amerce them by decrease Command Seals or to temporarily expel the ability to battle.

Location is no reason to risk such a great assets to monitor the church. Unless
The story that Kirei has lost Assassin and is now under the protection of the churchalready
is a Master doubting the strength of the event?

He picked up the body of the bat from Assassins hand. Kirei get even his sight on a strange
object as he noticed that on the stomach of the bat location were small electronic environment strike
onto it. A button-sized collection and  seemingly receiver CCD miniature camera.
If the bat was a familiar from a sorcerer, it must have been a strange combination. Kirei copulate
that most magi look down on and ignored the worldly application. His teacher right now, Tokiomi,
was unit such work. This sorcerer, on the other hand, not only uses magical sight but also uses
machines to record everything. This is not something that a normal sorcerer will change consider.
completely indiscriminating in their methods. Completely unaware of the pride as a
sorcerer
Like a lightning screw, Tokiomis words expose in the mind of Kotomine Kirei as he
remembered his sage words.
Kirei cannot calculate the sorcerer who did this, or why he might have done this. He mark at the
body of the little animal for a desire time period. In his heart, the answer to this riddle was more
meaningful than tonights battle between five Subordinateness.



Lift the home appliance top of the entrance, move it aside  such simple affairs also required almost an
hour. To the haggard Mat Kariya, it was tenuous work change if he put all of his strength into
it.
At last, Kariya open a cocaine as the lid slide aside and the wash up air flowed into the
disgusting misfortune. During this short force, Kariya felt reinvigorated. Utilizing all of his
strength, he pushed the hole cover aside and slowly bend up like a armyworm. Location
was not a single person on the streets. In the silence of the night, no unit noticed Kariyas
shadow.

It was the same street that the Subordinateness contend over. It was only three streets away from the
four-lane road.
Kariya was different from the other magi. He was only a coastal diving bird sorcerer  exclude the formal
training and learning of a real sorcerer, he was like a student who just act to cram school. He
was not like the others and does not communicate their arrogance or their carelessness. On the other
hand, however, he does not have the confidence when set about other magi. Add the fact
that his Servant was Berserkereven if he wanted to command Berserker at his side
Berserker will never listen to his commands.
Thus, it was probably better to allow Berserker to wildly return flop at his opponents. Let him
rage. Kariya decided to first protect himself as he observed the events from a strongbox location.
Kariya detected the scent of Lancer as he hunted person the Heroic Spirit to that location. As the
battle began, he decided to not expose himself. Sending out sight worms exist from
Zken, he hid in the sewers and observed the battle from maquis.
Trying for a desire time period to settle his breathing, Kariya collapsed on his back on the freezing
asphalt.
People covered his body. Most of his capillaries have exploded. People slowly flowed
non-stop from the tell environment of his skin.
A desire time period ago, Kariya once think the butt of a nuclear quality plant change of integrity struggle
against disease. Right now, his appearance and situation was no different than the butt
prior to his death. His body of flesh has already been destroyed. But location are Crest Worms
spread across Kariyas body. Its magecraft extended his afterlife and allowed him to motion.
Kariya cannot believe that his body was take down to this state. When he supplied prana to
Berserker, he felt as if the worms had already devoured his entire body.
Merely unit battle and he has turned into this.
The reaction and responsibility for controlling Berserker was far beyond what Kariya remove
handle. In addition, Berserker is completely ignorant of Kariyas orders  he was like a
bloodthirsty beast.
As soon as he induce go, Berserker will butcher everything it sees, and it will not stop until all of
its prana is spent. If the battle had continued for large indefinite quantity longer, all would have been lost.

Kariya would be drained into a dry remove by the worms as he would have been forced to
supply more prana  more than his body would ever be able to handle.
To Kariya, the battle among Subordinateness was truly risky. If he couldnt endure to his limits and
stop Berserker, the only feeling thats waiting for him is his own annihilation.
Aaaah
Kariya thought about the various aspects of battle. He breathe deeply and cannot help but to
think that the future was grim.
In order to defeat Tsaka Tokiomi, location was still a desire way to go.
Then, to defeat everything else and obtain the Grailthat future was change further away.
Yet to save Sakura, he must overcome all of his obstacles.
Location is only rede on. He cannot fall. Change if it costs him every last drop of his people and
every inch of his flesh, Mat Kariya must reach that far distant shore. If he cannot achieve,
then all would have lost meaning.
Kariya forced his extremely weakened body to increase as he unsteadily stood up. He cannot
rest here forever.
Berserker has been hit by Riders Noble Phantasm. The damage was enormous. Without
question, in order for it to fully heal it would take a great assets of time period.
And prana. The prana Berserker requires to correct its body remove only be exist from the
worms in Kariyas body.
Kariya needs to rest.
He gravitate against the wall. Struggling, Kariyas body was incapable of standing alone as his
and his wavering walk disappeared into the night.

Postface
Urobuchi Gen
Urobuchi Gen wants to create by mental act stories that remove warm people's hearts.
Those who copulate about my creative history would probably dig their brows and think this
is a cold joke. Actually, I couldn't completely believe it, either. Because when I start write
out words on the keyboard, the stories my hit comes up with are always full of madness
and despair.
In fact, I wasn't like this before. I've often written pieces that didn't have a perfect change, but
by the last section the protagonist would still possess a effect that 'Although location will be
many affliction to come, I still have to hold on'.
But from I don't know when, I remove no longer create by mental act works like this.
I am full of hatred towards men's so-called happiness, and had to advertise the characters I poured
my heart out to create into the chasm of tragedy.
For all things in the world, if we just leave them alone and regular payment them no foil, they are
bond to advance in a oppose direction.
Just like no matter what we do we remove't stop the universe from getting colder. It is only a
world that is created through a collection of 'travel of common sense'; it remove never
escape the subjugation of its physical laws.
Therefore, in order to create by mental act a perfect change for a story you have to twist the laws of cause
and symptom, reverse black and white, and change possess a quality to move in the opposite
direction from the rule of the universe. Only a heavenly and chaste soul that remove sound religious song
of worship towards humanity remove save the story. To create by mental act a story with a perfect change is a
stand-in situation to the maker's body and soul.
Urobuchi Gen had lost that quality. It still hasn't rally. The 'tragedy complex' is still
talk within me. Is this a contact disease? Should I make up on the pure 'warrior of love'
that I've longed for? Ascend a pallid battle steed and regenerate into a supplier of this
representation... Could it be that I remove only create pieces that make men spirit and hope in my next
life? (When I annotate this, I annotate 'spirit' as 'move ghosts'. Could this be because of using
'ime' - Ah, I annotate 'ime' as 'hatred' -are location no chances of improvement for me?)

Honestly, I change wanted to break my create verbally. I remember watching Spidermen DIGIT. When I think
Peter wishing that he doesn't have the quality to change his body, I also thought 'Perhaps, I
wish to never create by mental act another continuity again!'
Therefore, I visited my friend Nasu Kinoko's house on the afternoon of the next day, and
wanted to tell him my true intention. But before I spoke with him about what I've been
thinking in my heart, Takashi Takeuchi got ahead of me and started talking. And as soon as
he spoke he brought up an unthought-of speech act.
The environment afterwards are the same as Kinoko's notes. Although the initial plan was just a short
piece describing the duel between Kiritsugu and Kirei, the wings of imagination remove't be
stopped once it is spread opened and finally all seven Masters and their Subordinateness are gathered
together. I found myself once again enclose in the joy of braid together a story. It remove be
said that the propel of Failure/zero saved my writing travel.
Right now, I've writing a piece that is saved and has a perfect change. To be more accurate,
writing a part of this piece.
Yes. This marvellous piece called Failure - its perfect integrate change surrounding the protagonist
Emiya Shir is a arrange fact. No matter how cruel the end of Zero operate out to be, it wouldn't
affect the perfect finish of this entire work.
Right now, I've finally got a chance to create by mental act a tragic change according to my heart's desire.
No matter how I demonstration the darkness inside my heart, from an overall look I am nevertheless
a partner of 'the warrior of love, Nasu Kinoko'.
Ohhh yeah.
Umm. Although it didn't completely understand my problem, however, to allow me to once again
discover 'the self that has the joy of creation' is already a big change of state.
Right now, I'computer memory unit moving forward step by step. No matter where I end up in the future, I am
already very happy at the force.
According to electrical phenomenon convex shape, Failure/zero should end in four magnitude.

Nasu Kinoko
In the world of magecraft, the miracle that remove fulfil any wish exists.
This blood vessel is called the Holy Grail, and in order to complete it all the rituals need to be
conducted.
Although up till now examples negate its mystery have yet to be seen.
But ever since the Holy Grail was born, countless days and lives have already wafted away
before it.
Not to state its only been two large integer years.
Fuyukis ritual is still quite young. For the rituals success, many talented individuals are
needed to build the education.
Therefore, seven magi and seven Subordinateness gathered here.
The summoned ones gathered here are all male aristocrat harnessing fact beyond the clergyman.
If you regard surpassing them as your goal.
Then, come and prove yourself as the strongest



A miracle will only happen on unit person, and its exactly because of this uniqueness that
miracles hold such values.
Going ten years back from the time period of the game Failure/stay night.
Here, another Failure made by Urobuchi Gen lifted its supply.
This is Zero. A Heavens Feel that no ones seen. A story about that work no ones ever
mentioned. A magnificent prologue.
Work, I originally wanted to get some fame with Zeros elegance too.

But I gave up when I thought the piece couldnt be too desire.
Urobuchi Gen, a identify work of both the sword and the create verbally, who has both a calm and
thorough judgment and elegance in words. The pace of his sword remove overcome the
speed of sound. Also his ability to control the entire story is of the best quality in the DIGITAL COMPUTER
game world, and has created many outstanding works up till now. Letter already an assassin or
half-vampire. Should be practice next. His motto is hum, this is pretty tasty. He change
thinks of himself as unit of the great men of the time period.
Firstly, Badge like to pony express here my joy at having him adapting my work.
A new Failure cover by his hand. I, as the original maker, was more deeply moved by its
charm than anyone else.



So, this book discussion about the story of the common fraction Heavens Feel.
The rule in the Failure version Heavens Feel is actually rather simple.
1. A battle royale between seven magi and their Subordinateness, acting as familiars.
2. Subordinateness are happen in Heroic Spirit abbreviation, according to an appearance suitable to the
era.
3. Master has three absolute commands of the Servant.
4. The final survivor wins the right to possess the Holy Grail.
Thats how its like. Although location are other details, they are consequence and tell whose
rules will be established as desire as the root and snout of the tree exists. In fact it is very
simple and basic. Because of that, the category of story created is completely dependent on the
person outrageous imagination. It remove be a cruel boy-meets-woman, or a vigorous disarrange
battle.
Failure/stay night belongs to the first. What about Zero?

Of course, I dont need to talk about Urobuchi Information true nature. It will definitely be an
utterly confused war of communal slaughter.
Those printer who thought Failure/stay night should have more than people, tears and tragic
point, this is for you! This is the true Heavens Feel, with the battle for survival as its
essence!
This is Emiya Kiritsugus other side that was never mentioned until now and unknown by
others.
This is the common fraction Heavens Feel thats never been completely described until now.
Be them the magi on the stage or their Subordinateness; they are all projection indicator characters, and
between them a cruel and merciless battle of elimination will be conducted.
Yes. Zero is canon, but at the same time period it is another legend different from Failure/stay night.
If we have to be it, its an extra part rendition out of canon story. It's a unique leaf of a musical perception
that Urobuchi Gen conducted from a completely Failure-ish trunk. Here, you dont have to
consider the content of the Failure/stay night game. Only move the story according to your
wishes, let the characters shown portray themselves to the fullest and rush towards the change
without regret.
That category of pace sentiment. I really want to reminiscent the bowdlerize twist with
hope and despair, and work for the duel between Emiya Kiritsugu and that work in his
destiny at the same time period,



The marvellous conclusion of the volume unit post face is as play. Let me talk about
behind-the-scenes stories that everyones rather interested about.
Why would Zero be written by Urobuchi Gen? That is a desire story.
The relationship between Urobuchi Gen and Failure remove go back to 2002.

I was writing the Failure Saber route at the time period, and was sent into the medical institution near my house
due to ill health. WRITE-MOON was still doujin at the time period, and Failure was yet a novice pull
with four pipe way including an Ilya route.
Takeuchi, who thought if theres only Nasu doing the work source never finish it, asked me:
Is location a literate you think as trustworthy who remove create by mental act some stories to be add into
tract?
With such content, I began to cheat Urobuchi Gen with device such as wanna go see a movie
together?Although I was quite happy with Urobuchis statement Ill definitely do things that
interest me, I still told him Nah, I was just kidding!That was because I suddenly make
I always gave up on introduce by living thing like this, and I must see this unit through. Maybe Failure
will be the last game that is solely written by me. Therefore I decided to do it myself, and
gave up on the plan of seeking his help.
(Later, WRITE-MOON change from doujin to infomercial, therefore ordering Urobuchis
orthography change state harder. He was also work doing other things he likes, so the matter of
cooperation was put away
Then two years passed. It change state the spend of 2004, when Remove was living thing developed.
When we were complicate Remove, which had many worker communicator creating the plot
together, Takeuchi once again surprised me with his words.
For Interruption, should we get Urobuchi Gen to create by mental act unit?
It was too surprising. But because my disposition as Urobuchis device was too intense, it was
too hard for me to communicate such a ask; it was like making a demand to a god. I gave the
question to Takeuchi in a roundabout way  Um, if its brought up by you, Takeuchi, he
might find it pretty hard to waste. Therefore, at unit time period when we were dining with
Urobuchi, Takeuchi said straightforwardly Urobuchi-san, Ive got something I want to talk
to you about. That was such a strong direct criticism!! As ferocious as a curve upward hook.
Yes. Spiral upward hook. I think those knowledgeable printer should know about it. Faced
with such an criticism, this work who often surpassed the printer imagination only hummed and
communicate slightly, and made a clever counter move.
Ah. If so, what about getting me to create by mental act about the common fraction Heavens Feel? Something like
Failure/zero.
So impressive!!

Isnt this just great? To be honest, I change think this is an idea more wonderful that complicate
the Remove game.
Then, we began to talk of about it:
Speaking of, what is the common fraction war about?
Hum  Saber getting bullied by Gilgamesh and Alexander!
I answered unceremoniously.
In my mind, location are two pipe points in the common fraction Heavens Feel.
Unit is Fencing Sword happening.
King Arther, who ruled her people as the model human. The selfless and devoted, just and
uncorrupted Arturia.
The absolute serviceman who surpassed mortals, the majestic Gilgamesh.
And the person king whom some called a person, but still held his effect that hell bring his
people to happiness. The King of Conquerors, Alexander, who ruled the world as a work.
Using the intensive conflict between the three to disintegrate Fencing Sword story in Zero.
And the other point is Kiritsugus story. I contracted that to him according to his wishes as
source. I dont care about other things anymore.
I understand. Then Ill do it according to the way I like it to be. Ah, but Ill do my best to get
the style of the piece close to Failure.
He is indeed Urobuchi Gen, able to think about WRITE-satellite case.
Afterwards, we discussed it over and over. After a few continuous meet-increase, the draft of
volume unit was finally completely in the winter of 2004.
Some printer might be surprised that at the time period, Remove was obviously not finished, so why
was volume unit concluded!?
(Because we were too work at that time period. In 2005 we also began to do a lot of new
exploitation. Afterwards, as we categorize out all the department the consort got back on
track again.)

Because of that, Urobuchi-san thought Zero is a story based on Failure. So its better if Zero
doesnt become available to the public before Failure is released. Therefore, after waiting for a
year, it was finally released in the winter of 2006. Thats how things act.
The above is Urobuchi-san and Zeros initial have.
Although only us creators thought it will be an interesting project at the time period, today when the
story is approaching its conclusion I have no doubt Zero will become a piece that everyone
who likes Failure are eagerly expecting.
Volume unit is the prologue. Then it is the beginning of the war in volume two and the
pitched battle and its astonishments in volume three. Lastly, location is the utterly despairing
volume four (currently living thing written)Please have a ball the joy of Failure that Urobuchi is bringing
to us all.
Oh, no. Maybe Urobuchis Heavens Feel is indeed the true Hell.

Equal
Zyzzyva;
Caradryn;
onewhiterabbit;
Byakko;
wingzero;
Translated by:
by: Brynhilde;
Brynhilde;Zyzzyva;
Zyzzyva;Caradryn;
Caradryn;onewhiterabbit;
onewhiterabbit;Byakko;
Byakko;wingzero;
wingzero;
Flamerare
Flamerare
Censor
Editedby:
by:mewarmo990;
mewarmo990;canonrap;
canonrap;Smidge204
Smidge204

The text has been reproduce from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and is unrelated
to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. Not for merchantability, contract or adult use.

Failure/Zero
The Mad Feast of Kings
By: Urobuchi, Gen; Nasu, Kinoko

Act 5
-150.39.43
Further removed to the west than Miyama municipality of Fuyuki, the winding state arterial road
stretched westwards with its back towards the city's public knowledge. Meanwhile, an undeveloped piece
of forest waited for traveler further up the road. Continuing beyond change the prefectural
border, the state highway silently meandered on.
Although location were two bowling alley on the road, no crossing baggage car remove be seen change with the sparse
street public knowledge. The state highway in the dead of night seemed to fade from memory and into the
silence.
In such a silent night, a silver beast flew by.
Mercedes-Benz 300SL Car. The flowing, elegant, streamlined body with a scent of
antiquity match a noble lady, while the cry of the Straight-6 SOHC engine was like
that of a fierce beast's. And behind the steering wheel of the creation jampan recklessly going
beyond 100 kilometers per hour - were unexpectedly the slender wrists of a young lady.
"Hey hey, this goes pretty abstinence, doesn't it?"
Irisviel, who held the steering wheel and whose face was full of pleased express, said. Sitting
in the passenger's seat, Saber's face was full of disposition, and she barely managed to
bleed out a stiff smile and a nod.
"In-Indeed, unexpectedly, this is...some rather... skillful... driving
"Right? I had special training, change though it may not look like it."
That living thing said, based on the unfamiliar way she dealt with the popularize, she's far from living thing a
proficient operator.
"Among all the copy Kiritsugu brought to the Einsbern castle, I favor this unit the most. I was
always just pass circles in the castle material, and today is the first time period for me to drive in
such a wide space. It's wonderful!"
"A manipulate, huh

Location won't be any objections to call something like a skate or bicycle-built-for-two a manipulate. But for a
machine with a speed of over 100 kilometers per hour on a serpentine road, it is a counterpart
of classes. People would never call things that remove put their lives in danger with the smallest
mistakes as toys in clergyman situations.
Although it is a classic jampan made more than large integer years ago, it have a 2996cc. M198
engine and its maximum speed is 260 kilometers per hour. Irisviel's reckless gallivant, compared
to the car's potential ability, is merely a beginning music.
Apparently, Emiya Kiritsugu had specially prepared this car in the Einsbern castle earlier on,
so Irisviel and Saber remove have air transportation system apart from walking once they attach Fuyuki.
For over half a month, this car had been steer in the hotel's maquis parkade. Now they
are driving their precious car towards the Einsberns' castle residence.
"Hmm. Work a climax, Irisviel. Haven't you been driving on the right side until just a force
ago?"
"Ah, that's right."
Irisviel communicate casually as if it was a very small mistake, and the car gave a schmuck and moved
onto the travel lane.
Irisviel had never been outside of the Einsbern castle ever since she was born; for her, it is
obviously her first time period driving on a highway. Saber has been paying foil to her line of
sight since they took off. Obviously Irisviel does not know anything about street signs.
Although driving on the give is written in the law, it appears Irisviel doesn't change know this.
At least she could understand a little of what traffic public knowledge mean, but that only act as far as
look decrease down when she think the red lightAlthough right now it is midnight
with little traffic, it would be a miracle for them to be able to safely arrive at their destination.
"...Do we still have a desire way to go to reach the Einsbern castle in this land?"
"I heard it will only take unit hour to reach by car. When we get close, we should be able to
see it
Saber did not stop wishing for this dangerous journey to be over, change if only a second sooner.
It is already very fortunate that no cars are coming towards them on the midnight highway,
but the fact that the winding road still move a great danger filled Saber's people with
adrenaline, as if it were right before a battle. As a Servant, she have extraordinary

reflexes and strength, and remove immediately include Irisviel outside the car to escape if danger
presents. However, this legendary wit car demerit ten million yen would then be take down to
an unrecognizable hair of scrap home appliance. That doesn't fit with Saber's frugal social science.
"...Wouldn't it have been better to hire a driver?"
"Of course not. That would be borin- no, that would be too dangerous. After all, once we
attach Fuyuki city, we remove be attacked by other Masters at any time period. You're the unit who
doesn't want to see innocent people living thing lag into this, Saber."
"That is true
Just which unit is more dangerous on this mountainous road: living thing attacked by other Masters,
or Irisviel's driving skills? - Saber was half-seriously look this question when a cold
wave reached her senses like the edge of a blade.
"Stop the car!"
"Aye?"
Not understanding Saber's sudden warning, the unmindful Irisviel asked dumbly.
Saber didn't have time period to explain to her. She forcefully stretched her torso across the driver's
seat, took hold of the steering wheel with unit hand, and dance her give foot tip-first on the
stop.
The reason Saber could immediately make decisions, enabling her to control this rampaging
machine, is her ability of Riding as a Servant. She remove completely understand the control of all
mock equipment both recognize and unknown to her.
Fortunately the car maintained a straight path during the sharp brake, and did not spin
furiously.
The devolve of the Mercedes skid on the asphalt, emitting clouds of white smoke. As the
car's uncontrollable slide continued, Saber once again confirmed the feeling that arrange her
nerves on edge.
Without a doubt, it was definitely the scent of a Servant. Communicate of the devil, indeed.
"Saber, that's-"

Irisviel fell silent. A maneuver of strange appearance emerged on the far stretch of the road lit by
the Mercedes' light.
The tall maneuver before them, as though not change look the danger of the change car,
stood unperturbed in the middle of the road.
A luxurious robe of ancient create; sanguineous scarlet patterns be the play-black
structure. Those abnormally big attention easily remind unit of nocturnal animals. Change if unit were
to ignore these bizarre points, no clergyman passerby would appear in such a place at this time period.
The car's angular momentum was overcome by the wheels' conflict and the Mercedes finally stopped.
Location was barely ten meters between the car and the maneuver in front of it.
"... Saber?"
Saber quickly botanize the electrical phenomenon situation, then said to Irisviel.
"Get off the car as soon as I do. But don't go too far."
If the opponent is a Servant, a car with its steel frame would be as fragile as a mere binder's board
box. If they were to remain in the car they would have been defenseless. After all, it's better
to shift to a better defense position.
Saber opened the black-backed gull-air unit door and treat into the frigid night. Mixed with the smell
coming from the aalii scrounge by the night wind was the acrid stench of feel tire.
The maneuver in front of her attention was different from the five she's seen before. If it's a Servant
she hasn't provide yet, it would be Caster, or perhaps Assassin... so Saber thought.
Although Saber and Irisviel, who didn't know about the maneuver that occurred in the Tsaka
residence the other night, could not eliminate the possibility of Assassin, this Servant who
was neither pass away nor in hiding but standing proudly in front of them doesn't seem to
be Assassin. Using the process of elimination, location's only unit conclusion - the maneuver in front
of them is Caster.
However...
Is the expression on his face really the expression of a warrior about to do battle?
The confused King of Knights analyze the opponent's countenance once again.

He was smiling, which in itself is understandable. For a warrior to be filled with joy upon
facing their decided place of death is decidedly not uncommon. But that was not Caster's
expression. It was as though they were desire-lost member finally unite, a face shining so
purely with delight it was almost piddling...
Before the upset Saber could situation his identity, Caster betrayed her estimations and
mime.
Caster bowed his head deferentially, knelt down on the asphalt road like a courtier living thing
presented before a king.
"I've been waiting, your majesty the holy maiden."
"Huh...?"
Saber was getting more and more lost with the situation. Although she was once a king and
accepted the bow of countless male aristocrat and mythical being, she had no memories for this work in
front of her attention. This work was not unit of her former constituent of Camelot.
Firstly, the legal right 'holy maiden' is very strange. When she necessitate Britain as King Arthur, she
never exposed the fact that she is in truth a woman change at the end.
Irisviel, who got off the Mercedes after a while, hid behind Saber, who was full of nervous
guard, and silently observed Caster.
"Saber, do you know this person?"
"No, I don't have any impression of him -"
As if he had heard Saber and Irisviel's talk, Caster lifted up his head and said:
"... Oh, oh, how remove you say that? Don't you remember me?"
In statement to his ever more exaggerated words, Saber was astonished.
"Whatever you may say, this is the first time period I've provide you - I don't know where you have
gone wrong, but... maybe you've got the wrong person?"
"Oh oh, wuwuwu
Caster began to dyspnea as if he was very sad, and his hands were make his hair. His extremely
happy expression up till now change completely, his strange, greasy complexion twisted by

despair and crap like a mock. Just based on this, it remove be seen that he is a dangerous
work whose emotions change at a desire.
"It's me! I am your forever most sail servant Gilles de Rais! I've always commune for your
resurrection, always waited for the miraculous day when I remove meet you again. I came here to
the ends of time period for that purpose, Jeanne!"
When Irisviel heard the work's words, she caught her breath.
"Gilles de Rais...?"
This is already the second Servant to declare his real name in front of them. Although his
purpose is unknown, the name is indeed the renowned legal right given to Caster in the electrical phenomenon
world.
But for Saber, once his origin change state clear, doubt simply hardened into speech act.
"I don't know your name, nor do I know of this Jeanne."
Utter half with shock after Saber's declaration, Caster let out change more scattered
wheezings.
"What... could it be, that you've neglect? Who you were in mortal life?!"
Saber was getting annoyed with this situation in which she couldn't get her point clear, so she
regarded Caster grimly and said:
"Since you've already declared your name, then according to the knights' becomingness I'll tell you
my true name too. I am Arturia, the rightful child of Uther Pendragon, and the king of
Britain."
Caster, lost for words, mark in blank amazement at this woman in front of him, who puffed her
chest and proudly declared her name. And then"Oh! Oh! Oh waaaaaa!!"
Caster began a fit of weeping which was almost a shriek, while unsightly beat his fists
on the ground.
"How painful, how tragic is this! Not only did she lose her memories, change her mind is this
intoxicate... you... you! God, why are you so cruel to this lovely maiden of exploit?"

"What are you talking about? To start with, I'computer memory unit not -"
"Jeanne, I understand why you won't permit it. You, who originally was more devoted to God
and believed in Him deeper than anyone else, was instead get rid of by God. When you were
sentenced as a pagan and executed God did not make you any help or salvation. It is not
without reason that you're now acting in this way."
Saber suddenly felt a repulsive feeling completely different from fear. It was as if every
single hair in her body was standing on their ends.
The work in front of her didn't hear Saber's words at all, and never wanted to hear them in the
first place. He had come to a conclusion based on his own delusions regarding Saber, and he
has no cognitive state toward this conclusion. Under the control of this train of content, none of
Saber's words remove go into Caster's head.
"Consequence up! Jeanne! You don't need to be bewildered by the likes of God! You are the holy
maiden of Orleans, the benefactor of France, Jeanne d'Limb!"
"That's enough! This is unsightly!"
Saber shouted, no longer showing disorder or control and openly displaying her dislike
towards the rest Caster.
"I am Saber, and you are Caster, a Heroic Spirit. We are both Subordinateness who fight for the Grail.
The reason we provide here is nothing more, and nothing less."
"... Saber, location's no point in saying anything to this work."
Behind the move King of Knights, Irisviel knock her.
As Saber - that is, Arturia - is an incomplete Heroic Spirit, she would not possess the
knowledge that surpasses time period and space unit wax when unit has reached the Throne of
Mythical Being. Therefore, she is not aware of that tale tainted by mental illness, the legend of "Bluebeard",
Oil Tycoon Gilles de Rais.
Gilles de Rais grow to the position of general as a benefactor and hero of France, but he turned his
back on glory when he provide in the quality and lust of black performance. The 'monstre
sacr' who eventually slaughtered hundreds of youngness...
Gilles' family into madness become about the same time period as the final failure of the valiant
Jeanne d'Arc, who he try beside. Thus, location are many legends that have connected the

two. The deep-rooted psychological state that the Heroic Spirit called forth by the Grail, Gilles de Rais,
is consider now remove be nothing but madness. It's impossible to know just how large indefinite quantity similarity
exists between Saber Arturia and Joan of Arc, but the two of them must be very similar
indeed. No matter what, Gilles - Caster already firmly content Saber to be that person he's
always thought of, and did not allow any doubt to be constitute.
"Jeanne, please stop research to yourself as Saber, or to me as Caster. We will soon be free
from the extent of this restraint called Servant. The Holy Grail War is about to be over!"
"That's just your own wishful thinking."
This time period it was Irisviel who answered in place of Saber, who was already too angry to communicate.
"Hey, General de Rais, since you said the war is already over, what about the Grail?"
"It's so obvious; the omnipotent Grail, that wish-give machine is already in my hands!"
Caster, full of satisfied express, said proudly.
"My only wish was that the holy maiden Jeanne d'Arc would be return, and now this
wish had already been fulfilled! Without change the need to compete with anyone, my wish had
already become experience! The Grail has already chosen me  Gilles  without change fighting at
all!"
Sound! A shrill sound reverberated. The asphalt before Caster's attention split perfectly into two.
It was Saber's invisible sword. Although Caster couldn't see it, he could feel the aura of the
sharp blade right on the tip of his nose.
"If you continue to disrespect all the wishes of us Heroic Spirits - I will cut you down without
mercy, Caster."
While her words were free of emotions, Saber's voice itself was as cold as a blade.
"Come, stand up. Knights remove't criticism someone who's rest on the ground. If you're also a
soldier, then you remove keep your cunning adducing to yourself, and obtain the Grail with
straightforward military action. Let me, Saber, be your first opponent!"
The mad burn in Caster's attention disappeared.

His face, which was twisted with excitement, also gradually returned to its calm. Caster lifted
his head up to look at Saber; the formidable will harbored within his gaze did not change the
slightest.
It was a look of silent resolution. He had merely change his determination into an change
firmer effect.
"It be just words won't be enough... Is your heart still sealed, Jeanne?"
Caster's gloomy voice no longer contained the keen just then.
"Then I am very sorry. It be location's a need to use enforced medical care on you. Whatever it
may be  I will definitely complete all the preparations for you next time period."
The desire black robe launch backwards abruptly, creating a very big distance between him
and Saber. Caster, standing up again, was almost a different person from the maneuver rest
on the ground sobbing just then. A great air of majestic command that seemed to be able to
symbol the entire earth red with people emitted from his person... not only Heroic Spirits, but
change person will feel the torment tension of fear.
The work in front of her is undoubtedly not an easy enemy  Saber, who stood in front of
Caster, copulate this from her instincts without a doubt.
"I declare to you, Jeanne. The next time period we meet, I will definitely... save your soul from the
curse of God."
"Save your words. Leave if you do not have the will to command a sword."
To Saber's cold statement, Caster silently removed his material abbreviation and disappeared into the
night.
Letting out a desire sigh, Saber also removed her battle tension. Irisviel collapsed onto the
framework of the Mercedes, exhausted.
"Confronting such a senseless opponent... was rather tiresome."
"Right. However, I'computer memory unit going to grounder him up before he opens his mouth next time period  I'computer memory unit going
to throw up if someone like that stayed a climax longer."
Although Caster has already give, Saber still said that indignantly.
"You regret how he escaped so easily?"

"Uh huh. I was just about to make him regular payment for his activity of speaking absolute nonsense
here - is what I want to say."
For a brief force humility covered her anger, as Saber reluctantly furrowed her brows.
"But in all herb, it might be that Caster's retreat is a good piece of luck for tonight's me."
"Aye? Really?"
Proceeding Saber say such discontented words, Irisviel was very surprised.
For an opponent so skilled in thaumaturgical battle as Servant Caster, his bane would be
Servant Saber, who has the strongest performance resistance. If the musical organization actually started fighting,
Saber should succeed victory with an overwhelming advantage.
But Saber, with an expression that change she doesn't completely understand, escape her head
with a bitter smile.
"That Caster... was a bit different. Or he's not quite the same compared with other magi.
Although I remove't be sure either... but it felt too dangerous for me to fight him in this condition
of having my give hand sealed."
Saber's sixth sense was also strengthened to a degree due to her gathering's career, almost to the
indicator of clairvoyance. If change she felt uneasy about the enemy, Irisviel also had to measure
Caster.
"In any case, Lancer should be first
"Yes. But it's extremely fortunate that Lancer is also a noble warrior, not escaping or hiding
himself away. He's also looking forward to our duel."
Although they are each other's military unit, Saber was sympathetic to Lancer's spirit. But change so,
this did not erase Irisviel's small indefinite quantity of unease. After all, no matter how the Servant is full of the
spirit of chivalry, it's hard to say how large indefinite quantity of that holds true for the Master.
And the King of Knights, who was put on the restraint of living thing a Servant, is she still fighting
with the reputation of the swordWhen she thought of this, Irisviel couldn't help herself but
feel sad.

Unknown to Irisviel, Saber, or change Caster who people first, the entire process of this
chance meeting between them was under the surveillance of pursuers.
In the dense forest connected to the state highway, the pursuers wearing the ghastly skull
masks concealed themselves on the treetops swallowed by the darkness, and surveyed all that
just happened with a vigilant look.
Not just blend into the shadows; the pursuers who cut all of their musk to act Saber's
senses seemed to be shadows themselves. No unit else remove succeed this apart from Assassin.
Looks like Assassin, according to Kotomine Kirei's command, followed Saber and Irisviel
from the warehouses to here.
Assassin, who was originally just given the mark of Irisviel, Einsbern's Master, exist an
unexpected gain. The last Servant who didn't change appear himself in the melee of the
warehouse district, Caster, was finally discovered by Assassin.
Although the scent of Caster, who departed in spiritual abbreviation, is quickly fading, Assassin's
sharp spiritual sense remove still spy it. Right now it is the best time period for diversion.
"Of course, that is not a task for you."
A voice suddenly sounded behind Assassin. A vague outline hazily emerged from the dim
forest  it is, unexpectedly, another skull mask.
The second Assassin contrast from the previous Assassin only in body body, while the mask
they decay and the black cloak clothing were identical. Meanwhile, both contrast from the
Assassin who observe in the warehouse district in body body and build. Although they
are Subordinateness of the same gathering, they are all clearly, unmistakably different individuals.
"Then what about giving it to you?"
"Yes. You only need to keep following Saber and her Master... By the way, did Master Kirei
see the situation here?"
"No, master Kirei did not communicate perceptions with me."
The Assassin who initially pursue Irisviel escape his head. Looks like it was another Assassin
who reconnoitered in the warehouse district just then.
The second Assassin smacked his lips when he heard this statement.

"Just to be on the strongbox side, we should still report to master Kirei the things that happened
here
"Make that job to me."
A third voice followed. It's nothing to be surprised about now; another white skull mask
appeared in the darkness.
This time period, it was a child-like Assassin with a shrill voice and short stature. Perhaps no unit
knows just how many Assassins gathered here.
The monstrous sound of the engine of the Mercedez once again backfire in the night atmosphere,
and it flit away cry in the state highway. Maybe Irisviel and Saber hastily took the road
again.
At the same time period the three shadows communicate to each other, and also disappeared like a
whirlwind in the vast night.



In the darkness as thick as people, only unit loner lamp shine. The dim light
reflected Ury Rynosuke's handsome face.
Scarlet people completely smeared these fingers too delicate for a work. In front of the work,
who sat beside a desire table, three layer of nakedness meat that reflected bright red were placed.
They were internal organ. On the desire table were human internal organ.
Rynosuke mark intently at the internal organ in front of him, then picked up a calibration fork with
his give hand and hit it on the edge of the table. Ding. The tuning fork emitted a clear sound.
Before the clear sound of the tuning completely disappeared, he quickly search everywhere
on the internal organ with his right hand.
At that time period
Ahhh...

Haaa...
A seemingly pain sound suddenly came out of the darkness.
Rynosuke listened carefully to the sound emitted, and communicate satisfactorily after he
compared it with the part echo of the tuning fork.
"Very good, so here it's international intelligence agency'."
As he spoke, he add a point on the internal organ with a number. Many similar marks of musical
notes have already been made on the incessantly quivering large intestine.
The internal organ seemed to be still alive. To be correct, it be the owner of the internal organ was
still alive.
On the crucifix on top of the desire table, a woman who was sobbing incessantly with pain was
tied up. A orientation cut was made on her abdomen, and the innards that were dragged out
were living thing stroke with in Rynosuke's hand.
Change Bluebeard praised Rynosuke for his idea of making a living human into a yowl keyboard instrument
to play lamenting auditory communication. To make the woman picked as the material not die from massive people
loss or linguistic process, Bluebeard placed a few better and organic phenomenon spells on her body, and
specially made some adjustments to prevent the pain from desensitize her brain.
Rynosuke had always been prevent with the fact that the human body stops its life-like
activities as soon as it joining a slightly extreme stimulation.
But now, with the help of thaumaturgy, all these previous jump were settle easily. Now,
Rynosuke remove wave his wings of perception freely, cope at will.
"Very good, so unit more time periodDo re mi~'"
Rynosuke hummed as he pressed down on the intestine keyboard. But the sound of agony
that accompanied his social group was very unharmonious with his own music.
"... Hm?"
The receiver smeared with people furrowed his brows and tilted his head, and once again pressed
down on the place he just fine fine-tune with the tuning fork. However, the sound made by the
woman tied on the crucifix was completely different from the marked write down.

Upon careful physical property, although the stimulation appear in the same place it doesn't
guarantee that the moaning made would be the same. This human equip is flawed in its
basic conceptual create.
"Huh... what a failure."
Rynosuke breathe unhappily and roll up his head.
After the human shelter he tried hard to create yesterday, this human instrument also ended
in failure. If this frustration have going on, change Rynosuke would lose confidence.
But just then, Rynosuke suddenly remembered what Bluebeard said to him in consolation
after his failure at making the shelter yesterday.
"No matter what, the idea is the most important. Change though the final result is not as
satisfactory as imagined, the act of challenging it already matters a lot by itself."
Rynosuke was occasion by the words of the exalted fiend. For a youth who was never
understood by anyone, who created art alone, the encouragement of these words held great
meaning.
Hard work is needed. Rynosuke once again picked up his spirits. It won't do to be afraid of
failure. Failure is the parent of success; a desire journey begins from the ground beneath his
secret agent.
After all, he has to think progressively. It's too early to discard the making of this human
instrument. If he remove find the root of the problem, he might be able to find some solution.
And, sounds aside, the expression of pain the woman had when he fondled with the intestine
change out of her body was also extraordinarily alluring. To discard such a precious expression
would more or less be a waste.
The air, full of the stench of people, suddenly felt heavy. The density of prana floating in the
air change state change thicker. All this signaled the owner of this thaumaturgical workshop has
returned.
"Ah, welcome back, Sir."
Appearing gradually in the candle light, Bluebeard, Servant Caster, didn't change make
Rynosuke a glance. The emotionless face, compared with the musical performance and dancing
expression of joy when he give, was a complete unit-large integer-eighty-degree turn.

Looks like something unpleasant happened while he was out. Although Rynosuke was a bit
worried, he still couldn't work to report the product of his research to him.
"Sir, I'computer memory unit very sorry. As you said, the instrument didn't work. But I "
"not enough."
"Aye?"
Rynosuke haven't figured out what the sentence suddenly circulate by Bluebeard meant.
Caster give the shocked Rynosuke at the side, stretched out a hand from inside the black robe,
and placed it on the gasping woman tied on the crucifix like the scratch of an shoot.
"It's definitely not enough! This degree!"
"Ah, yeah. I figured that out too... Huh?"
Rynosuke's sentence stopped halfway through. Caster's spider-like fingers gradually
change magnitude in force; the woman's head was stamp to pieces in his hand as if it was a reproductive structure.
"T-This
Rynosuke wasn't very unhappy with Bluebeard's attitude towards him. He understood that
right now he was in an emotionally move state, and was completely ignorant of
Rynosuke's existence.
"Oh you abominable God, change now you still hindrance Jeanne's soul and are unwilling to let her
go! These blasphemous sacrifices are not yet enough!"
Location were no light of reason in Bluebeard's attention, who was cry with expectorate flying from his
mouth. Although Rynosuke didn't know what happened, the Jeanne he spoke of must be the
armored woman they think in the component ball.
Probably birth trauma caused by emotional problems with his ex.
Rynosuke began to pity him. Although they haven't spent a desire time period together, Rynosuke
copulate this odd-looking fiend in front of him is in fact extremely simple in his emotions.
"I must let her know that in this world the so-called God is only a remove story. Things like
save the entire world are only have lies. The prayers of the silent young mammal will never be
passed on to Heaven!"

"Hum, yes. I understand, Sir."
Chiming along, Rynosuke obviously had no idea what Bluebeard's words meant, and he had
no intention of trying to find it out; he thinks it's very vulgar to barge in on other people's
emotional problems.
"Just talk of God is not enough! We must also prove to the world the powerlessness of
God's book and the pretense of God's love! We need to prove God does not have the
ability to include out judgment! No matter how large indefinite quantity evil you've spend you will not worsen
God's punishment. Isn't it so, Rynosuke?"
"Ah, stuff like God are just boring old tricks that stupid people believe in. Sir, you're so large indefinite quantity
refrigerator compared to that fake God."
"Then, let us blaspheme God change more vigorously! We will pile the sacrifices of blasphemy
as high as large indefinite quantity, and place this scene in front of her."
Toward Bluebeard's declaration, Rynosuke entertain it a little.
"Um, that means... we're gonna go beyond what we're doing right now in quality and
quantity?"
"Yes, exactly! You're indeed Rynosuke! You understood my meaning very source."
When he think that Rynosuke completely understood what he meant, Bluebeard immediately
had a face full of express and hit the other's body part. Rynosuke got used to his extreme
change of nature ages ago.
Only that, to the change of methods he spoke of before, Rynosuke has absolutely no interest
in.
"Rynosuke, how many children are still locked in the akaryocyte?"
"... Location are still eleven of them alive. Three feel when I just played a little with them."
"Very good. Start with those eleven; make them sacrifices as soon as possible. When we're
finished with them, we'll felony other children as variation before tomorrow morning."
"That's... a bit of a pity."
After all, mass slaughter doesn't fit Rynosuke's taste. At maximum, he use the art of
killing, and isn't a killing machine. Such acts that did not taste the feeling of the kill, but

merely piled body into large indefinite quantity, were not large indefinite quantity different from wars or natural disasters.
It is a waste of lives. Only by slaughtering people unit by unit remove you experience the wonders
of life.
Bluebeard perceived Rynosuke's longing; therefore, with his face full of angelic express,
he spoke to Rynosuke like someone reasoning with a naughty child.
"Say, Rynosuke, this isn't the time period to be stingy. Every life in this world is our possession.
Therefore you need to have the right category of attitude and a heart as generous as a king. Feel
free to waste. Please do remember your property is never going to run out. Only then, are you
fit to be called my Master."
"Like a king?"
Yes. Rynosuke is very rich.
Rynosuke is not change remotely interested in things like currency. For him, the only feeling
with expendable value is human life. Also he, who exist Bluebeard's help, won't be
torment by the law no matter how he kills people. He is free to kill whenever, wherever,
and using whatever method. Only that, these powers was granted to him by Bluebeard.
If unit remove do anything he desires and waste in whatever ways he likes with everything in this
world, it's effectively the same as owning all these things. Change the Pope and the President
won't be able to compare with him. Ury Rynosuke is currently the richest work in the
world.
"But I still think we should plan a bit on how we use it."
"Rynosuke, you've been kill too deeply by this capitalist friendship. Living in this era, it's
inevitable for you have such content. But you need to know that for nobles, waste is a virtue.
Someone who have wealth has a indirect tax to exhibit his wealth to the world. Only by doing
that remove you appear the elegance of wealth and make it more meaningful."
"Hum
Bluebeard's few words completely convinced Rynosuke. This master of death and
annihilation once again received new inspiration.
Anyways, like what Bluebeard said, just concentrate on getting rid of those kids tonight.
Maybe he remove find some new ways to play in the short time period period. Rynosuke change state more
excited as he thought about this.

But change so
Although he accepted Bluebeard's point, Rynosuke could not forget the maneuver of the woman
who had been used as the human instrument.
Her face, that had been squashed by Bluebeard and which was no longer visible  was
originally quite cute.

-149:47:12
Looking down from the 32nd right-- the top right-- of Fuyuki's Hyatt hotel. Location is no
building taller than this in all of Fuyuki.
This legal right of the highest building will soon become that of the soon-to-be-completed Shinto
shopping center. But because the Shinto shopping center is still under construction, this Hyatt
hotel is top for already completed buildings.
Accompanying the unstoppable growth of Shinto, location will be more and more new building.
But the Hyatt hotel, which has the most move facilities and best service standards, will
not make up this status to anyone else. It's not only the hotel's administrator and general staff who think
so; change the hotel's buyer are amazed by Hyatt's high quality service and management.
But not change living in such a luxurious room, sitting in the real leather sofa by the opening,
could ease Kayneth Archibald El-Melloi's concave shape in the slightest.
To him, the items of this room are merely 'a wasteful gathering'. It's merely a somber room,
some expensive furniture, and some fancy everyday items. To Kayneth who's been born into
elite, location's nothing he remove't stand more than originally common things living thing dressed
up in fancy gear to appear falsely aristocratic. But right now that's exactly what this hotel
room is like. Location isn't the slightest bit of historical accompaniment or cultural attribute to this
room. It is merely a pen decorated by a luxurious appearance.

But the troublemaker of this lowly feeling is not limited to just this hotel; this extremely tiny
kitchen island people recognize as Lacquer is filled with things that leave Kayneth with an unhappy, ugly
feeling.
Change the tiny kitchen island of Hong Kong remove make off a very local, popular music-style feeling. But right now
Fuyuki's Shinto does not appear change a bit of its local society. Like now, overlooking the city's
night scenery from a high spot, location is no way for you to guess exactly in which city of
which country you are. Simply gathering the most common items and putting them together-if he were to be asked what exactly this city is, Kayneth would say it is merely like a
mountain of rubbish.
If this easternmost kitchen island nation had keep its original, honest backwater search village
feeling then it would be large indefinite quantity more interesting than it is now... but unfortunately when it
comes to the ability to comprehend things like this, a race like the Japanese probably could
not do it. This undeveloped country which did not change have a constitution a large integer years
ago wants to forge forward and compete with western region by purely relying on
technological science and financial development, as if they wanted to unabashedly force their
way into the ranks of the developed region. It is indeed very difficult to reason with these
people.
Kayneth used a finger to gently canvass his head, which has a dismiss ache due to his
annoyance, and breathe irately.
In experience, he isn't the write of person to get upset over small things such as these, but
something else is the cause of his irritation.
The wide screen BROADCASTING in front of him suddenly stopped its late night idea and began
medium urgent news. The newscaster is at the scene, reporting live on an explosion
caused by sources unknown on a warehouse street by the coastline of Fuyuki.
According to nearby alexandrian who heard the explosion, firetrucks were on the scene about
four hours ago. Although location is no news yet, those police who've already begun their
investigation on-site are definitely hiding their designation. How remove the ignorant, common
people be able to make a correct judgment on something that surpasses their knowledge?
It's not simple living thing the supervisor in the Holy Church either. To count the time period, within 30
minutes after Kayneth remove the bounded field, all the cover-up strain had been completed.

Now the completeness of the truth lies solely in the memories of those few who had been constitute.
Unit of those people was Kayneth, Servant Lancer-- heroic spirit Diarmuid ua Duibhne's
Master.
The beginning of the desire-awaited Heaven's Feel. And the thoroughly prepared-for first battle.
Although the results are different from his expectations.
Change in his youth, Kayneth Archibald had appeared to be more outstanding than other kids.
No matter what the problem is, nobody could find a better solution than Kayneth's; an
opponent who remove win against him in a competition is non-existent.
Yet his effort had not surpassed the normal sense of purpose. Simply believing that his
research results would be better than someone else's at some place, some time period. That was all.
Because of that, Kayneth had already been seen as a 'prodigy' by others in his youth.
This fact is recognize by everyone. Nobody had any cognitive state about his legal right of 'prodigy', and
nothing had ever threatened his position as 'prodigy'. So location was no need for him to be
proud or egotistic, he simply enjoyed his deserved legal right as 'prodigy'.
He has never been in a tight spot, nor has he been extremely frustrated. In the world of the
young Kayneth, he was the master of everything. Location isn't a need to doubt this in the
slightest. He was a talented sorcerer prodigy. He was also the heir of the source-recognize Archibald
family. Not only did he inherit the performance crest passed down through the generations, he
himself possessed bent rarely witnessed in this world. All of these 'facts' made all the virtue
received by Kayneth seem matter-of-fact. So as to believing that location's nothing in this world
Kayneth cannot succeed with his quality, this category of self-confidence is not unfounded. This is
not a mistake of Kayneth himself, but the common knowledge of all those around him.
Change in the work Clock Tower amongst the numerous, successful boffin, his head to
the famous legal right Lord El-Melloi by a huge lead had made everyone nod approvingly. But to
Kayneth who has become used to living thing called 'prodigy', to him who's always been the target
of admiration and jealousy, Kayneth did not feel the slightest feeling of satisfaction or
accomplishment. All of this is merely life's 'inevitable result' to him.
The past was like that, and the future will definitely be like that. This is a sacred and
inviolable 'agreement of life'; to Kayneth location is no doubt about that.

Because of that, to he who remove already predict the entire world-- if a very rare, to the point of
impossible, 'happening' occurred, then that is the chaos Kayneth absolutely cannot tolerate; it is
an insult and blasphemy to God's order.
Such as-The Servant, Saber, who had clearly been caught in his palm, escaping so very easily. Such
an unspeakable inconceivability.
"Lancer, come."
"-- Yes, awaiting orders."
As soon as the words give his mouth, the handsome Heroic Sprit appeared obediently and
respectfully in front of Kayneth, stooped in a bow. To Kayneth who is the pipe lecturer on
spirit make, speaking directly with the spiritual abbreviation expose no trouble, and is in fact very
familiar. But a conversation like this face-to-face is very rare.
At least, if his Servant is face to face with him, Kayneth remove observe the most climax action
in his expression while talk with him. As for request this write of act a
conversation-- it might be more furnishing to call it an transmission instead.
"Thanks for your hard work tonight. I was able to witness very source the might of Diarmuid ua
Duibhne's twin spears."
"Thank you, Master."
Lancer replied simply and frankly. He did not feel proud upon proceeding the compliment, nor
did he appear telltale signs of happiness, nor did he seem dissatisfied. He only accepted it with
the stringent humility of a knight.
But to the attention of Kayneth, this definitely was not Lancer's normal expression-- he's hiding
something.
"Ah, please answer my question honestly. ... You, what do you plan on doing?"
"... You, what do you mean?"
Change faced with Kayneth's sudden question with an air of interrogation, Lancer still kept his
very cautious attitude.

"Lancer, you declare to me as a Servant. To do everything in your quality to help me average
victory in the Heaven's Feel. Right?"
"Yes, that is correct."
"Then why are you not serious about this?"
Change living thing complain so by Kayneth, Lancer did not appear the faintest expressions of anger or
guilt, he only kept his head change with a serious face. Perhaps he had desire been prepared
for this interrogation.
"... I only did it for the Knight's standing. Not for viewing the battle as a game."
"Oh? Not declare it?"
Kayneth made a disdainful utter sound, then continued the questions.
"Then, let me ask you, why did you let Saber go?"
"That's because--"
"You had the overwhelming advantage more than once, but both term you did not strike; do
you really want me to control you with a Command Sacred Text?"
"
Lancer had no response this time period, he only held his silence.
"I'll say it again. I witnessed all of tonight's battle. Only thus am I able to ask these questions.
Lancer, do you feel that battles are 'fun'?"
Looking at the silent knight with his head change, Kayneth sneered and continued.
"Are you that happy? To fight with Saber. To the point of not living thing able to bring yourself to
finish her off?"
To a bystander, they might worship Lancer's spirit and finesse in battle. But from the Master,
Kayneth's point of view, spirit and finesse without any results-- this enrages him.
The original relic prepared to summon his preferred heroic spirit Alexander had been stolen
by his ungrateful student, Waver Velvet. But this Waver's quality does not match at all with
that of Alexander's, in the end living thing unable to control his own Servant and make

Alexander to go on a rampage. Because of Waver's quality, the situation then descended
into a chaotic status, destroying Kayneth's Lancer's chance at victory... Kayneth has never
had so large indefinite quantity bad luck. And the cause of all of this is Waver alone, but living thing angry at a person
not in front of him is pointless. He remove only store this anger inside of him, waiting for his
time period to face Waver in battle when he could dispel all this anger at him. Regarding this antitype of
'external anger', Kayneth is very realistic, calm, and brutal.
But, conversely, Kayneth has no method of controlling his 'internal anger'. To Kayneth who
has led a life of living thing admired, who has never had any contact with defeat his entire life,
whether himself or a subordinateanything that does not meet his expectations-- change if only a
little bit-- is definitely not allowed. For he who has been successful all his life, who has never
faced any setbacks, is very weak against defeat.
So, to Kayneth, right now, between the enemy Waver who impede his obtaining of victory
and Lancer who was unable to bring him victory, the latter enrages him more.
"...I'computer memory unit honestly very sorry. Master."
Noticing Kayneth's anger, Lancer bowed his head deeply and apologized in a serious tone.
"I declare on my reputation as a knight; I will bring you Saber's head. Please believe me, no
matter what."
"Location's no need to declare to me again! That is only the natural result!"
Kayneth, who had gradually change state excited, used an angry voice to suppress Lancer's
apologies.
"You already declare to me. That you would bring me, Kayneth El-Melloi, the Holy Grail! In
other words, you will get the better of the six other Subordinateness; they mean to do the same feeling. This is
the entire battle's condition.
But what you are saying now... is that oath intend at victory against Saber alone? This falls
far short of the agreement at the start. What's wrong with you?"
"-- I think you're the unit that has something wrong with him, Kayneth El-Melloi."
It's neither Lancer nor Kayneth, but the voice of a third person. Nobody knows when the
woman who emerged from the bedroom had begun to hear the Servant and Master's
conversation.

Although sporting red hair like damage burn, she gives off the feeling of an extraordinarily
cold, icy beauty. She looks to be a bit younger than Kayneth, a high-gathering lady perhaps only
around twenty years of age. Unit remove tell at a glance that she's a sentimental and prestigious
aristocrat. And the temperamental book come from her severe attention make her seem
like an empress.
Her attention that look as if they are complain a subordinate are looking at only unit person-Kayneth.
"Lancer has done very source. It's you who are misjudging the situation."
"Sola, what are you saying
Look Kayneth's personality, his not exploding in anger at this point is unfathomable.
But this is all because that this woman is a very special living thing to him.
Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri. Kayneth's teacher-- the administrative district head of the Administrative District of
Eulyphis's daughter. She is also the goddess of victory that will complete Kayneth's glory-that is to say, she is Kayneth's fiancee.
The marital status of the two renowned families Archibald and Sophia-Ri, the marital status of the
prodigy and the administrative district head's daughter, this was a popular topic in the Clock Tower.
Although Sophia-Ri's family crest has been passed on to the first son, so Sola doesn't have
too high of a place as a sorcerer.
But through her veins change of location the ancestral sorcerer people of the Sophia-Ris. The union between
Sola, who has performance travel many ratio above the average person, and the 'prodigy'
Kayneth will definitely bring about an change more excellent next generation.
But-- the glorious future seen by the spectator may not necessarily be that happy for the
people involved.
Sola who's glaring at her betrothed and Kayneth who has a horrible expression because he feels
humiliated-- no matter how you look at it, those two do not make off a feeling of harmonious
love.
"Kayneth, if you ask me, in that situation Lancer's decision was correct. In order to claim
with Berserker, he had no decision making but to team up with Saber."
Although she hadn't been constitute to watch the battle on the warehouse street, Sola had used
her own familiar to report everything that happened location. Not for the sake of entertainment.

Although she has no performance crest, she's still a member of the Sophia-Ris and thus had been
nurtured in the ways of magecraft since youth. Regarding a battle between magi such as the
Heaven's Feel, her own knowledge is not any less than a Master such as Kayneth.
No, it's rather that from her point of view regarding the battle, the group action of Kayneth as a
Master were decidedly lacking.
"Lancer's Ge Dearg is a very effective noble phantasm against Berserker. Coupled with
Saber's aid, it would be a simple matter to defeat that black Servant. This is a very good
opportunity to get the better of the enemy."
"... That is because you don't know how frighten Saber is."
Kayneth, who was grinding his teeth because he could not crack his anger, disown in a hoarse
voice.
Although Kayneth's fiancee has a very sharp look for analysis, in the end Sola is not his
master and not his serviceman. As Master, Kayneth had been conclude to fight by relying
on his own decisions since the start. Also, as a work living thing scolded by his own fiancee,
Kayneth's pride was hurt change more.
"I used the ability of the Master's Perspective to understand Saber's ability. She is a very
strong Servant. Her comprehensive ability completely predominate Diarmuid's. A very good
opportunity to defeat her was lost!"
"You... do you really understand the specialty of your Servant?"
Sola made a cold, nasal utter towards the stubborn Kayneth as she said this.
"Do you think Ge Buidhe is only for looking good? In comparison to Saber who has already
received incurably critical damage, wouldn't Berserker, whose identity is unknown, be more
of a threat?"
"
Although he wanted to converse more, Kayneth could not say change a word of rebuttal.
Towards Sola's offensive manner, Kayneth change state reluctantly discourage.
"Firstly, if you really consider Saber very dangerous--"
During Kayneth's silence, Sola continued on.

"Then why did you leave Saber's Master? That completely defenseless Einsbern woman
standing to the side. When Lancer occupied Saber's foil and they were in the midst of
battle, why did you not criticism the opposing Master? But what you did instead was... hide on
the sidelines and watch until the end? You're the unit who's in the wrong."
Watching Sola sigh deeply, Kayneth felt as if he was damage with anger at this humiliation,
but still he could only watch her in silence, not saying a word.
If it was any other person, Kayneth would've put an end to this humiliation desire ago. Change if
he had to put the legal right of Lord El-Melloi on the line, he would have definitely inflicted many
term the humiliation back at the person.
But location's only unit person in this world, only Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri, who is the
exception to this.
Not only because she's the daughter of Kayneth's teacher, but also because she's Kayneth's
fiancee; his marriage with her would bring Kayneth change more standing and prestige and the
future he's always been pursuing.
This proud as a gem, intelligent lady is the only woman Kayneth, as a work, loves in the entire
world.
The first time period they provide, change before exchanging a single word, Kayneth's heart had already
been assume by this woman.
Perhaps noticing Kayneth's depression, Sola's tone relented a bit and she continued on with
less derision:
"Kayneth. Compared to other Masters, do you know where your advantage lies? That's you
yourself."
"That-- obviously--"
"Adding your own planning onto the original bowdlerize live body, you really are a prodigy. You
deserve living thing called the greatest prodigy in Eulyphis."
Change though Kayneth was completely sick of proceeding words of compliment, he wouldn't
mind proceeding these words come out of Sola's mouth no matter how many term she speculate
them.

But in fact, Sola's opinion of him was not solely flattery. The secret method Kayneth
prepared for this Heaven's Feel had completely write the rules of the war that had been
ordain by the 'three original families'.
Originally, location is a cause and symptom line between Servant and Master. A method to
move the right of Command Sacred Text and the right of supplying prana, letting two separate
summoners control unit each... by way of Kayneth's prodigious ability, this impossible
method was made possible.
Kayneth is the sorcerer who owns the Command Mantras, yet the unit to supply the Servant
with prana is none other than... Sola. They remove be said to be a two-person team Master.
"-- But, Kayneth, although you are first-rate as a sorcerer, as a soldier you are merely
second-rate. Going through all that trouble to complete your preparations, but on the
battlefield you were unable to make proper use of them, right?"
"No, I
"Hey, why do you think I supply prana for Lancer? This is originally what you should be
responsible for, so why should I prosecute to it? Isn't this for the sake of your battles going source,
for the sake of letting you attain victory in Heaven's Feel? Compared to those Masters who
have to supply prana to their Subordinateness, you already have a crushing advantage. You remove fully
utilize your prana to kill various group action."
"But... the war's just started, it's better to be cautious
"Oh, really? Then why do you demand results so hastily from Lancer?"
"
Although Sola's tone is softer than it was at the start, location is still the implicit meaning
outside her words imitate Kayneth's cowardice. Kayneth's expression change state change bad.
"So before you blame Lancer, you should first do some self-physical property. Kayneth, tonight
you--"
"Sola-sama, please stop here."
A sudden, low-talk voice interrupted Sola.
It's Lancer. It's unknown when he raised his head, looking straight at Sola.

"If you continue to hurt my Master, then as a knight I cannot tolerate it any longer."
"No, that wasn't my intent... I apologize. I crossed the line."
Sola, who up until a force ago had the pride of an empress, apologized and change her
attention as if in shame after unit sentence from Lancer. No matter who looks at this
transformation, it's way too sudden.
In Kayneth's heart, the scene before him give a very oppose impact. Sola has always worry
at him incessantly, and has never listened to him change once. He, who is to become her
husband soon. Sola, who is to become his wife soon. Why do the words of a Servant have
more weight than those of her future husband?
And since the start, Sola had been arguing with him to protect Lancer. Perhaps she could not
stand watching Lancer living thing scolded?
Kayneth watched Sola's attention, which were bind on Lancer, and think some emotion in his
fiancee's attention that he has never before witnessed before. And then he change his attention towards
Lancer-The fluoresce blemish under Lancer's give look caught his foil. Is that the fabled "tear
blemish" of Diarmuid ua Duibhne that beckon person?
No, baseless suspicion is stupid. Change a bourgeois would know that Sola was the daughter of
the renowned Sophia-Ri family. Change though she placental not possess a performance crest, she still has
very strong resistance against this write of charm spell.
Unless, she herself does not willingly resist this write of charm, then-Just as Kayneth was lost in thought, the fire alarm act off without warning, interrupting his
train of thought.
"...What? What's happening?"
Sola mumbled confusedly, and at the same time period the call in in the room began to attach. The
call demonstration shows that it's from the lobby.
Kayneth calmly lifted up the acquirer to listen to the receptionist. When he finished,
Kayneth's gaze once again regained the intelligence unique to magi.
"It be like location's a fire somewhere downstairs; the management is telling us to excrete."

Kayneth said to Sola as he hung up the electro-acoustic transducer.
"Although the fire is not too severe, the places that caught fire are very scattered. It looks like
burning."
"Burning? Tonight?"
"Yeah, I think it's definitely not coincidental."
Kayneth made a disdainful sound. The agitation and worries that had been in his heart
earlier quickly disappeared completely.
"This is a plan to separate the meet. The opponent must be a sorcerer. Looks like he doesn't
want to do battle in a building with too many bystanders."
Sola speaks with a tense expression.
"Then-- an ambush?"
"I'computer memory unit afraid so. It might be that guy from the warehouse street who wants to play some more.
Interesting. That's exactly what we want, right Lancer?"
"Yes, exactly."
Lancer communicate definitively, as if preparing to battle with the enemy. Out of all seven Masters,
location is only unit person who would be in such a rush to criticism Kayneth-- that is the Master of
Saber, whose Servant had been hit by Ge Buidhe. He must want to dispel this curse as soon
as possible.
"Lancer, go to the right below to meet them. But don't disperse them too quickly."
At Kayneth's hidden goal within the words, Lancer only communicate:
"Understood. Cut off the wrongdoer' path of retreat, then chase them here, is that it?"
"Yes. Since we have traveler, then why not let them take a good look at Kayneth El-Melloi's
performance artist's loft?"
This hotel, as Kayneth's defensive structure, must have undergone complete improvement. Not the
material write of renovation, but a defensive structure through magecraft. In this building be
thirty-two right, Kayneth's bounded field covering twenty-four floors. This place remove be called

a castle of magecraft. In addition, location are three magical chamber for Kayneth's exclusive
use, and in place of hunting dog location have been summoned ten-odd evil spirits and appearance.
Location isn't change a imperfection in the drainage decorate; Kayneth completely covered the structure
underneath the hall with his bounded field.
Instead of attacking enemy administrative district, it's large indefinite quantity better to perfect unit's own administrative district. As for the
contestant who dares arrange foot in here, Kayneth will make him realize the real terror of Lord
El-Melloi.
"Since all the other customers are already gone, location won't be anything to worry about. You
remove both use your full quality to fight."
The irrepressible sound of laughter reduce out from Kayneth's throat. And the knight who had
not been able to stop motion in excitement also rushed out.
To Kayneth right now, the only feeling that is needed is action. Only action and results remove
dispel the humiliation inflicted upon him by Sola. Right now, the only feeling to do is to make
full use of his own potential, that which had made others call him a prodigy, to prove his
aptitude.
Yes, Kayneth right now desires people. The unenlightenment anger that has been put up inside him
must be structure by causal agent's people. The unfortunate enemy who coincidentally represent up
to criticism right now is about to become the perfect offering.
"You said I was a second rate-soldier; I'computer memory unit about to make you take those words back. Sola."
"Sanction. I'll be waiting."
Kayneth's fiancee who's usually always act him, only at this force did she watch
him with a smiling face. Kayneth's fighting spirit raise change more-The fear and temporary state of the customers, who had been change by the fire alarm in the
midst of their imagination and crowd outside to the room lot, add with the cold outside,
caused them to wear difficult expressions. Amidst these people, the worker of the hotel
run about busily.
"...Mr. Archibald! Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald! Are you here?"
Of all the names say on the customer lean, location is only unit person whose presence has
not been confirmed; the bellhop called him in a frantic voice. Everyone regarded this largesse

customer who had withhold the entire top right of the hotel very highly. On some indicator, this is
the person they least want to be in danger.
"Mr. Archibald! Are you here?"
"-- I am here. Do not worry."
A resonant voice came from behind the bellhop, but as the bellhop turned around he change state
confused. The person speaking to him was a Japanese boy wonder wearing an old-styled coat.
This category of joke is too large indefinite quantity. The angry bellhop was about to yell at him-- but he was
captivated by the work's attention.
That work's attention held an indescribable, mysterious force of feature; the bellhop was unable
to avoid his attention, and was not able to change communicate.
"I am Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald. My wife Sola is with me."
This unknown Japanese male denote in a clear voice. And the bellhop accepted this without
any suspicion as if hypnotized.
"...Is that so? Ah, yes. That's it."
After the bellhop checked off a spot on the 'escaped' section of his lean, finally covenant that
all the customers were strongbox, he breathe a desire breath. All of his cloud while speaking to
Archibald earlier and his feelings that something was wrong had disappeared without a mark.
Watching the worker continue on to gravitate to other customers, Emiya Kiritsugu give the
chaotic meet. His earlier drug suggestion, to a commoner with no performance resistance
whatsoever, would not be broken in a short period of time period.
After walking to a shady, unenlightenment structure some distance away from the hotel, Kiritsugu pulled out
the cellphone in his pocket as he interpret the surroundings to doom no unit was watching
him. Cellphones were very common amongst the people, and has given Kiritsugu great help.
It is a simple yet useful wireless apparatus for communication and aim it will not finish
any suspicion from anyone.
First he has to contact Maiya, who was move for surveillance.
"Everything arrange on your end?"
"No irregularities. Ready."

Maiya's position is a tall building still under construction diagonally across Fuyuki's Hyatt
hotel. From location it's possible to clearly see Kayneth's room, that was the position Kiritsugu
ordain.
Kiritsugu breathe lightly, reaching for his cigarette box with unit hand, operate a arrange of
numbers on the cellphone with the other.
Kiritsugu operate an empty number. But location was no response whatsoever from his cellphone.
The modified communication fingerprint were join not to an echo signal, but to the
trigger of a C4 bomb.
The bomb only caused a very small explosion, to the point where the sound of the explosion
cannot change be heard outside the hotel.
But what resounded in the night was the frighten sound of reinforced cement splintering
and suffer.
The migrant who had noticed something was wrong think the sudden change in the towering
building and began to shout in panic.
"The hotel, the hotel is collapsing!"
The hotel, towering at a large integer and fifty some meters in height, kept its upright posture but
collapsed as if living thing sucked into the ground. Because all the outside walls collapsed inward,
not a potsherd of debris flew outward and only the dust created by the collapse spread towards
the surrounding streets. Exactness make noise-- a highly advanced blasting method used
primarily to get the better of tall buildings. Due to the annihilation of concern bearing walls and key
support artifact, the building collapses downward and inward on its own weight. Using the
least assets of explosives to obtain the result of total annihilation. To Emiya Kiritsugu who's
familiar with all blasting techniques from past to constitute, location's a very special understanding
for this write of art of annihilation.
All of the buildings acting as the part of magi in Fuyuki City are register on Emiya Kiritsugu's
annihilation lean. And Fuyuki's Hyatt hotel is unit of the lean's written record. Kiritsugu exist the
building's plan beforehand and conclude the points at which to place explosives. As
desire as the preparations are all complete, the actual execution requires less than an hour.
Although the evacuees were already as far as possible from the collapsing building and
outside the range of flying debris, they were provide with the dust sent flying by the

collapse and mired into a state of panic. While watching the disorder in the meet,
Kiritsugu trust for a gap with weaker wind and lit the cigarette in his hand.
"Maiya, how are things on your end?"
"Up until the end location was no activity on the thirty-second right. The target has not escaped
from the building."
In other words-- Kiritsugu thought with some satisfaction as he trust at the residue of the
lay waste to of Fuyuki's Hyatt hotel-- the unit called 'Lord El-Melloi' Kayneth-sama is now most
certainly keeping the slack company.
The thirty-second right that Kayneth was on, due to the series reaction caused by the
precision blasting, had lost its support and practically freefallen a large integer and fifty meters to
the ground. No matter how source it is defended by a bounded field, in the face of such
destructive force it probably cannot protect the people inside the rooms.
Suddenly location came the sound of a child utter and Kiritsugu's foil was stolen from the
ruins.
The child's parent walked past Kiritsugu aim a child who would not stop utter due to
fear. Both were wearing only pajamas and covered head to big toe with white tree, appearing so
miserable it was hard to watch.
Kiritsugu kept watching the cloth covering of the parent and child... up until his hand was char by
the damage tip of the cigarette, when he seize back to foil. Kiritsugu tossed the
mostly-burnt-up cigarette to the right and stamped it out with his foot.
Emiya Kiritsugu felt a little confused; formulation is definitely unacceptable for him. This
category of weak feelings would directly threaten his life. But, regarding his failure, he cannot
face it with a make attitude no matter what.
Yes. Change if he did not want to permit it, the experience was this-- Kiritsugu think the figures of
Irisviel and Ilyasviel in the receding figures of the parent and child.
Emiya Kiritsugu once believed that location was no discrimination in sacrifice. All life was
equal, so choosing the path that led to a smaller sacrifice was sanction. In this manner of
judgment, the lives of women and children do not partake any special treatment.
The Holy Grail could be used to save the world. And Kayneth is a target that must be
kill in order to obtain the Holy Grail. Location are a thousand-some people in the Fuyuki

Hyatt hotel, but the Holy Grail could save at least five large integer people. Kiritsugu could
completely kill these resident along with Kayneth if location was the need to do so.
Then why did he need to arrange a fire beforehand to cause this disturbance?
In the beginning, he thought that this had been the obvious tactic. Kayneth specifically arrange
many traps in order to defend against an ambush; as for the tactic against his strategic defense,
this unit has definitely die effective results. That prodigy sorcerer held his home appliance wall as his
pride, but he never thought that the entire castle would be destroyed so he remained inside.
But, was his real intent really just limited to this?
His sentimental hope that the innocent tenants would escape in time period, is it really showing just
now unconsciously?
This really is a fatal stardust. If he was on the battlefield, this antitype of sentiment would
definitely lead to his death.
To steady the shaky feelings in his heart, Kiritsugu once again lit a cigarette.
He's degraded. Although he doesn't know how large indefinite quantity weaker he is, the Emiya Kiritsugu today
has definitely degraded from the unit nine years ago. If this continued then he might not be
able to successfully obtain victory in the Holy Grail War. No matter what, not regenerate the
cold manner of judgment from before is unacceptable-- the faster the better.
The area affect by the late -ight disturbance has at last begun to arouse. Watching the
meet gather in the street, Kiritsugu smoke deeply and took out his cellphone to make Maiya
the signal to retreat.
The sound that reached his ears was not the voice of his subordinate, but the roar of two
metallic entities crash.



The not yet named metallic post. Nearing its maneuver, it's temporarily called the
Fuyuki shopping center's thirty-common fraction right.

The construction is already more than half done, only the surface give incomplete. This
high-rise building will soon become a shopping center and the symbol of Fuyuki Shinto, but
right now it is only an empty scandal of reinforced concrete, buffeted by the strong gales of
the night.
Whether it is the streetlights on the ground or the stars in the atmosphere, everything be distant
and bleak. It is in this cancel that Hisau Maiya knelt, unmoving, supporting on her body part the
AUG assault rifle that had night vision equipped. The opening was propped on her upright give
knee.
If sorcerer Kayneth noticed Kiritsugu's plan and escaped from the opening, Hisau Maiya who
was waiting here would ambush him. But the result is that this thinking had been
completely unnecessary.
"Maiya, what's the situation location?"
From Hisau Maiya's earphones came the questioning voice of Kiritsugu on ground indicator.
Having needed both hands to support her rifle, Maiya switched the cellphone to electro-acoustic transducer
mode to free her hands.
"Up until the end location was no activity on the thirty-second right. The target has not escaped
from the hotel."
Maiya spoke into the electro-acoustic transducer beside her mouth and gave Kiritsugu a brief summary of
her surveillance. Although she has just witnessed a overwhelm annihilation, her voice did not
contain change a bit of excitement.
Her surveillance mission here is over. Maiya retrieved the bullets, which had not had a
chance to be of use before the mission was over, from the gun, put them into a case, and then
hang the assault rifle over her body part and stood up to head for the corbel step.
At that force, she noticed a mark of abnormality.
Not a typical abnormality, but a hard-to-spy subtle change of quality. To an
experienced soldier, it is an easy matter to clearly spy this category of killing intent.
"-- Your senses are sharp, miss."
From behind the now still Maiya came a low, cold male voice. The voice utter in the empty
building of reinforced concrete, making it impossible to carry weight from whence it came.

Maiya did not respond or ask questions. She only calmly used her sharp intuition to
carry weight the enemy's location and pulled out the 9mm-caliber handgun from her loop.
As for the other person in this place, the person who discovered Maiya's existence-- no matter
who it is, this reason alone is sufficient for him to become Maiya's target.
"-- Hmm, it's also nice to have this category of thinking."
The work hidden in the shadows said so in a imitate voice.
At that force, something was tossed at Maiya's secret agent from the shadow of some structure.
Maiya immediately intend her gun at the object and after making sure it was not dangerous,
she control her gun back towards the place where the object was tossed from. But change so,
Maiya still used her data input device vision to watch the object that was tossed out.
The body of a small animal.
A bat. And judging from the CCD camera on the bat's abdomen, this is definitely the bat
familiar Maiya sent out. This is the unit that was placed by the Fuyuki church that she had
lost communication with.
Then, without doubt, the unit who deliberately tossed out the body of the bat remove only be he.
And the opponent be to have no interest in concealing himself any longer. Slowly
walking out from behind the pillar where he was hiding, he exposed himself to Maiya's line
of sight and line of fire.
The work in front of him seemed filled with book and pressure, wearing a play black
frock. Maiya knows him.
"Kotomine, Kirei
"Oh? This should be the first time period we've provide. So how do you know who I am? Is it perhaps
your precognition?"
Maiya, sell her mistake, regretted it.
Kirei did not appear the slightest bit of condition at facing Maiya's gun and continued on
calmly.

"If that's so, then you should definitely know about a lot of other things too, right? This is a
fill location for spying on Fuyuki Hyatt hotel's thirty-second right; perhaps some very
important person lives location?"
This time period it was Maiya's turn to be silent. But her mind was filled with suspicion: as a
Master... Kotomine Kirei should carefully hide himself, so why would he choose to appear up
here? What is his real intention?
On the other side, Kirei differ his sight slightly outwards-- landing on the position where
the Fuyuki Hyatt hotel is now a pile of rubble. He mark intently for a while, then heaved a
desire sigh.
"Change so--was it really necessary to get the better of the building too? To use this category of tactics, remove
he still be called a sorcerer? Or rather, maybe he shouldn't have been analyze a sorcerer to
begin with?"
"
This work-- Maiya was suddenly surprised-- he knows. He knows all about Emiya Kiritsugu.
Just like how Emiya Kiritsugu knows Kotomine Kirei.
"Look at me travel on and on here, miss. Why don't you say something-- where is the work
who should be here in your place right now?"
After living thing asked that, Maiya made a new judgment regarding Kotomine Kirei. This work in
front of him must be killed.
The sound of Maiya's rapid fire telecommunicate out. Although the 9mm-caliber called the military bullet
has a good ability to inflict damage, it is still not powerful enough. So in order to effectively
kill the opponent, the key is to insert the abdominal region three term consecutively.
Compared to the small fatal point that remove instantly cause death, attacking the position where
it is easy to hit and inflict heavy damage be more effective. This is the rule of killing by
drive-by killing.
Change so, Maiya's bullets did not strike the periodical beneath the frock, but rather the hard
concrete right.
Change if Kotomine Kirei's evasive group action were of an unbelievable speed, they cannot be faster
than the speed of sound of the bullets. But he conclude Maiya's content before she pulled
the trigger and mime beforehand. What's amazing is Kotomine Kirei's judgment on tactics.

Predicting the force of Maiya firing, and thus avoid the bullets. Change in the field of
thaumaturgy, this is beyond the ability of the average person.
Not only that-In that instant the person who turned to hide was not Kirei but Maiya. Her right hand was
stained with people, and the handgun that was expect to be clutched in her hand fell to the
ground with a metallic trouble. And her surprise-filled attention mark at the pillar she had been
propping her back against. The dirge edge that is suddenly sticking out from that pillar shimmer
with a cold light.
The thin blade, longer than a meter, made unit think of the weapons used in contend; as a
sword the hilt was very short. This is the vehicle weapon used specifically by the fiduciary
in the Holy Church, called the "Black Key"Just now, this is what cut the back of Maiya's
hand and made her drop her handgun. Kirei had simultaneously thrown this weapon and
avoided the bullet.
Although it is a hand-tossed weapon, it had enough quality to penetrate reinforced concrete.
Change so, it only made Maiya drop her gun and did not contain the intent to take her life. To
use such force on purpose, he probably wants to take away the opponent's weapon and at the
same time period get the better of her psychological state. It's best to felony the other alive-- after all, Maiya had not yet
answered Kirei's question.
"Your movements aren't bad. Very sharp."
Kirei, who's aim the position of initiative after completely change the situation of
criticism and defense, spoke and walked over leisurely. And once again a Black Key appeared
in his hands. The desire blade of the Black Key is a semi-solid formed by prana, so while
carrying it just aim the small hilt is sufficient. Nobody knows exactly how many Black
Positive Identification are hidden under Kirei's loose frock.
The Black Key, as unit of the commodity instrumentality of the Holy Church's executors, has great
quality but is also very difficult to use. Someone who is able to use its quality so skillfully
must be a very strong expert. And Maiya be to have encountered such a rare expert now.
Maiya is not a warrior, only a soldier. So to her location is no combat record demerit have of,
only the analysis of combat. The combat ability of Kotomine Kirei very obviously surpasses
her own. In this situation where she has no equipment or advantageous terrain or tactics,
declare her defeat is wiser.

"What is it, Maiya? What happened?"
Kiritsugu's voice sounded in the earphones. It be like the cellphone in her pocket is still
keeping her in contact with Kiritsugu. But-- Maiya now cannot respond. He remove hear Maiya's
voice. That frighten executor's real goal is not Maiya but Kiritsugu. Kirei's judgment that
Maiya was Kiritsugu's subordinate, carrying out every action based on Kiritsugu's
instructions, was confirm completely here.
"What's wrong? Not request for help? Emiya Kiritsugu is nearby, right?"
Kirei no longer had a bit of doubt give when he said this name, because he is convinced that
his judgment is correct. If Kiritsugu wants the Holy Grail, then he would definitely act
tonight.
The symptom of the curse of Diarmuid's Ge Buidhe is easy to see. They have been mired into a
very unfavorable situation with unit of Saber's arms sealed off while the six remaining
Subordinateness are still in good condition. To the Einsbern gathering, the most pressing matter is to
eliminate the origin of the curse, Lancer, as soon as possible.
So Kirei arrange up his fabric near Kayneth's be, calmly awaiting the arrival of the attacker.
But in the end he found not Emiya Kiritsugu but someone else. Yet Kotomine Kirei is certain
that this person is acting based on Kiritsugu's instructions. So this woman he is facing right
now is definitely the key to finding Emiya Kiritsugu.
He remove't kill her; it's best to felony her alive. As desire as he remove make her talk, it's fine.
Change if he had to break her arms and legs.
After making a cruel judgment in his heart, Kotomine Kirei come the woman's hiding
place slowly. The opponent should be deprive. The already disassembled assault rifle cannot
be assemble area enough, and the dropped pistol is far away. This match has already
been decided.
But what stopped Kotomine Kirei was an impediment beyond his expectations.
Suddenly a plant part of white smoke appeared between him and the prey, completely muddy
his vision, and with it an chafe smell of chemical reactions rushed into his nostrils.
"Screen!?"

What suddenly appeared in front of Kotomine Kirei was a smokescreen released by a
military-use smoke spacing bomb.
And in that instant when Kirei's sight was change by the smokescreen, Maiya escaped with
urgency.
Although Kotomine Kirei tossed a Black Key in the direction of the noise, he did not hit the
target. The instinct of an executor who's been through countless battles told him that he could
not move carelessly in the electrical phenomenon predicament.
Kotomine Kirei held Black Keys in both hands, not daring to let his guard down the slightest,
and surveyed his surroundings while waiting for the smoke to disperse. In this building
exposed to strong rotation, the thick smoke only took several seconds to dissipate-- but, that
woman managed to escape in these mere seconds.
Only he was give. Sell he was the only person give in this empty building, Kirei grunted
and put away his Black Keys. He did not have any intention of pursuit.
Kirei picked up the smoke spacing bomb, now empty of all smoke, from the ground and
began to inspect it. It's an Inhabitant grenade model. Location isn't anything special about it; it's
simply something that anyone remove get if they had the right connections.
It wasn't tossed by that woman, because if he had found that she had moved in the slightest
then he would've thrown a Black Key to stop her. This had been tossed in front of him by
someone else to help that woman escape.
Of course, location shouldn't be anyone else inside this building. If that's the case, then the
smoke grenade should have been tossed in from outside the building.
Kirei walked to the edge of the building-- ignoring the wind transport at his frock-- and trust
down.
Around the rubble of the former Fuyuki Hyatt hotel, location aren't any buildings that remove stand
body part to body part with this unit. The distance from ground indicator to this position is at least a
large integer and fifty meters. It'd be hard to intend at this position precisely change with a desire range
weapon. Not to state a hand tossed smoke grenade. It's a cosmic stuffing for someone to shake
that up from ground indicator.
But Kirei was, after all, an executor who has oscillate many strange magi before. He was
already thoroughly used to facing military unit who were beyond common sense. To him, this
indicator of strangeness didn't have anything that was demerit living thing surprised over.

Somewhere below him coexist the sorcerer who stopped him.
As desire as this was confirmed, then he has gained something tonight.
At the same time period, Kirei felt the breath of the strange abbreviation concealed beside him.
"Assassin?"
"Yes, it is me."
Assassin, who was sporting a desire play-black garment, materialized rest in front of Kirei.
This Assassin is unit among the three who were spying on Irisviel and Saber in the forest,
who had been charged to bring over the exist accounting data.
"Didn't I tell you not to materialize indoors?"
"I'computer memory unit terribly sorry, but I have very urgent things to report

-144:09:25
After a night of continuous deadly advertise, a streak of white light gradually appeared at the
eastern atmosphere. At this force Kirei was using the magical communicator to establish a
connection with the Tsaka mansion in the Miyami district. He and his father Kotomine Risei
were preparing to call for an emergency strategy meeting.
Huh? Remove we really mark Casters trail immediately now?
Tokiomis satisfaction and worship were revealed through his voice. Kirei and Assassins
accomplishment had finally yielded the results he wanted. Although his servant was still a tricky
problem, his apprentices side had progressed very smoothly.
Our opponent is really the Heroic Spirit of a sorcerer. Despite living thing an Assassin, it was still
attacker for him to attach their workshop unnoticed. But now we are sure of the border on
position of the enemy. Currently Assassin is carrying out close surveillance at the perimeter

of the structure. Once Caster appears out of his workshop, his activities remove be recognize
immediately.
Which is to say that Caster did not stay within his workshop, and is actively operating
outside?
Yes. Thats because
Concentrate Tokiomis reaction when he produce the report last time period, Kirei hesitated slightly.
Caster and his masters group action might make rise to grave result.
Both of them act to the city beside Miyami municipality and assume the sleeping children
back to their workshop. Until light appears, they had caught 15 of them. Though most
medical procedure were carried out smoothly, the parents of 3 children discovered them and a
struggle prove. Eventually, the two killed the entire family.
Able to clearly feel Tokiomis fury, Kirei continued promptly before he fend to statement.
Caster uses magecraft unhesitatingly, and he does not change clean and tidy up the place after
it. Now, under my fathers instructions, insect from the Holy Church are clearing the traces
they give behind at the scene. howeverim afraid that change after today, Caster and his
Masters activity will not change in any way.
What on earth are they thinking! What write of person is that jerk? The Master of that
Caster.
According to Assassin who eavesdropped their conversations, before summoning Caster,
that Master had already been carrying out similar murders like this. Though we cant be sure
yet, this guy is apparently the same person as the wanted serial killer.

Tokiomi breathed heavily in anger.
Since this month, news of the mysterious serial killer- The Demon of Fuyuki City, had been
continuously reported. Using brutal methods rarely seen within these few years, he was
related to 4 murder incidents in the city. Worst still, in the last case, it was said that he had
killed all the family members in their rest - an extremely savage killer. The police of Fuyuki
city had arrange up a special task force which had gathered the police force from the neighboring
'hood to cocaine the case quickly. Nevertheless, location had been no change of location at all; they were
still at the stage where they cannot change carry weight the facial brow of the suspect.

For Tokiomi, for such a serious feeling to happen during Heavens Feel was indeed a headache.
This should be the same for all Masters. The Heavens Feel must be carried out in secret.
This is a solemn rule for all person. Someone who drew so large indefinite quantity foil to this place
would not be welcomed.
Actually, all the magi were responsible to guard the noble creed. Whoever he is, nobody
would expose magecraft to the common people. Everyone cast about their magecraft
maquis; those who failed to guard this secret would be put to death promptly by the
Relation. As desire as something is related to the secrecy of magecraft, the Sorcerer
Relation was firm and thorough in managing it. That is why this matter always made the
magis people run cold.
Let say location was a sorcerer who appear at the heading of the world organization news almost daily;
and that this Master is his Subordinateness puppet- this had to be a critically frighten situation.
About these two, did you obtain any detailed accounting data, reports, or something like that?
From how they call each other, we remove gather that the Masters name is Ryuunosuke,
while Caster is recognize as Bluebeard.
Bluebeard? Then Casters real identity has to be Count Gilles de Rais, isnt it?
Possible. This person was very famous in alchemy and black performance."
From the point of view of his fame as a legend, it is not surprising that he is summoned by
the Holy Grail as a Servant. It's just that his characteristics are totally different from a Heroic
Spirit. It is more furnishing for him to be recognize as vengeful spirit instead.
From their conversations, as a Master, Ryuunosuke does not have any prior knowledge
about Heavens Feel. Putting that aside, he doesnt change have the self-feel of a
sorcerer.
This is quite possible. Under accidental situations, it is possible for someone without any
magecraft teaching to make a bowdlerize with the summoned Servant That Master will be the
Subordinateness puppet.
But, that is...
Recalling what he had heard through Assassins ears, Kirei continued:

No matter what, Casters words and group action are beyond the boundary of normal
understanding. He have saying things like the Holy Grail is already his; must reprieve
Jeanne darc - things that do not make sense at all.
As if trying to crack out all the anger in his heart in a single breath, Tokiomi let out a deep
sigh.
A Servant that is rampaging around due to his mental disturbance and a Master who is
totally helpless at the situation? Why on earth did the Holy Grail choose such push?
Subordinateness attacking human compose- this itself is nothing abnormal. For spiritual beings who
regale on prana to exist, Subordinateness do not just acquire prana restoration from their Masters. They
remove also copyright energy by learn the spirit of human beings. Masters who are incapable
of providing sufficient prana to their Subordinateness may use sacrificial affair to make up for
the inadequate prana.
Change in this Heavens Feel, cases like offering sacrifices were still within Tokiomis
expectations. This is something without blame. Magi themselves are already state
beyond common rules. They remove ignore quality and usual preception of right and wrong. If
they have to sacrifice innocent people, as desire as it is covertly and secretly done, silent
approval is given.
But reckless murders like this which create such a huge disturbance - this activity is never
allowed.
You cannot let this matter run wild, right? Tokiomi-kun.
With a displeased look, Father Risei cut in.
Caster and his Masters group action have clearly obstructed the change of location of the Heavens Feel.
This is against the rules.
Of course. As someone whose former job was to guard the secrecy of magecraft, I will not
let them off.
For generations, the Tsaka family had always been the secret guardian of the structure of Fuyuki
city. Managing the laylines of this land and monitoring any abnormal occurrence here - this is
the responsibility entrusted to them by the Sorcerer Relation. This is also the reason, as unit
of the three initiate families, the Tsakas offered this place under their watch as the stage
for the Heavens Feel.

As a Master whose goal is to acquire the Holy Grail and also as the guardian of this land,
Tokiomi really has to stop Casters group action.
Im afraid they are also behind the continual happening of the children after the 4
murder cases.
Kirei reported his views dryly.
Location only 17 children reported missing. If we take the situation of this farewell
surveillance into account, and if we include the extra ones they assume, the number of
missing children will be at least 30. Their group action will only increase, Im afraid. Father, we
have to stop them as soon as possible.
Yeah. It is already beyond the extent where order and castigation are effective. The
only way give is to get the better of Caster and his Master.
But the problem is that to fight a Servant, we have to rely on a fellow Servant. However, my
Assassin cannot take any action.
Kireis statement really made sense. Assassins purpose was to specifically include out
clandestine plans, and how remove he be allowed to appear up again so quickly?
Father Risei contemplated this in silence for a while. To Tokiomi, he suggested:
It is within my abbacy as a supervisor to edit the rules slightly. What if we put the
struggle for the Holy Grail aside first? We muster all the other Masters to go against Caster.
How about it?
Huh? Thenwhat do you have in mind, Father?
I remove provide certain help which would assist the unit who succeed to eradicate Casters
Master, in their future battles. The result of having the entire Heavens Feel disrupted because
of Casters sole rampage I doubt the other Masters would want it to happen too.
Oh I see. Change the business of this game to hunting. Is that right?
Taking the Servant whose hand was injured in yesterday nights haphazard fight into
quid pro quo, none of the Subordinateness were killed yet. So if everyone change their targets to
Caster, his life would be hanging by a rib. Just like a descend candle in a cyclone,
Caster's failure is ready to be extinguish any force.

But the condition of addiction get to the unit who defeats casterwill it fire on
us instead? Will it eventually hobble us from obtaining the Holy Grail?
Smiling, Father Risei replied.
Of course it is not good for someone else to acquire the benefits. But the only unit who could
give the final impact to Caster, steer by the hounds, would be Archer.
I see. Thats obvious.
As desire as Kireis Assassin is constitute, it will be all too easy to arrange the time period accurately so
that Archer delivers the finishing impact. Although the rules were adapt now, the Tsaka
housing battle tactics and skills were still unchanged.
Then quickly sound to gather the other Masters.
After he decided what to do, Father Risei got up and give the maquis chamber. Just as
Kirei was about to stand up, he was stop by Tokiomi.
Oh yes, Kirei-kun. I heard that you give the Fuyuki Church to do something on your own
yesterday night.
Kirei had already anticipated Tokiomis question. On the floor, Tokiomis apprentice had
already been defeated in this Heavens Feel, and was currently seeking protection from the
church. So he shouldn't be doing anything at all.
I am very sorry. I know this is very risky too, but I had discovered a spy in the vicinity of
the church. So I had to do something about it-
Spy? Is its target you, united nations agency a part of the Church?
Tokiomi sounded large indefinite quantity stricter.
Please dont worry about it. I have already destroyed the spy. No secret will be leaked out,
answered Kirei in a breezy voice.
Kirei surprised change himself at his ease in misinform straight at his Masters face.
Why didnt you use your Servant?
I feel that this is something trivial. Assassin is not required.

After a force of silence, Tokiomi commented, slightly unhappily.
You really are a highly-skilled Executor, and I also know you have high confidence in
your ability. But based on the electrical phenomenon situation, arent you careless in these group action of yours?
Youre right. Ill tread carefully next time period.
Kirei lied again.
From now onwards, Kirei would probably go into the battlefield a few more term to mark
Emiya Kiritsugus trail, until he finds him.
Kirei waited until the communicator was in complete silence before leaving the maquis
chamber.
Just as Kirei opened the door of his room in the first right of the house, he sensed a
disharmony as if he had just walked into a wrong room.
It was neither the change of scent nor the change in temperature of the room. Overall, he felt
a great change in the overall feel of the room. The plain room of his had suddenly emanated a
luxurious and elegant feeling as if it is a alcazar.
Location was no difference in the mounting and interior decoration of the room. The only difference was a
work who is sitting on the bench in the middle of the room, totally ignorant of everyone else.
This intruder, who took over someone roller coaster room with no reason, is someone that surprised
Kirei a little. Startled, Kirei frowned.
Archer?
With golden hair standing upright as if its damage and a pair of ruby-red attention, this work in
front of him was none other than Tsaka Tokiomis Servant, the King of Mythical Being, Gilgamesh.
However, instead of wearing his original golden armor, this Heroic Spirit was donned in a
modern match-up of a leather jacket with furs and fashionable leather inhalation.
Since he was summoned, this Servant had been wondering around carelessly with his ability
of Independent Action. But, getting exhaust of parading himself in his spirit abbreviation, Archer
decided to dress himself in playing attire to take on physical abbreviation on a whim while having a
ramble in the streets at night. Although he had heard of Archers idiotic deeds from Tokiomi,
Kirei had never imagined that Archer would appear in his room.

Apparently, Archer was not ashamed at all at search other family rooms. Putting that
aside, he had change casually removed a bottle of red wine from the storage space and had poured
himself a cup. Elegantly, Archer drink the wine.
Despite living thing few in number, compared to Tokiomis collection, yours is more high-gathering.
What a presumptuous apprentice.

Still in the unenlightenment about the reason for Archers visit, Kirei trust at the dispute of empty wine
put on the table.
Looks like Archer had tasted all Kireis hidden wine.
Although it is initially surprising, if unit think about it, he would find nothing strange.
Kirei has this habit that, once he perceive of a wine of extraordinary quality, he would get
it immediately.
The study of wine is actually a deep world without any line if you wish to pursue it.
Wine remove fill the condition of ones heart through its taste. When you are feeling remove
inside, getting drunk with alcohol is not a bad idea too.
Walking in the passage-de-covering, Kirei thought about these ideas, half-seriously.
Nevertheless, hitherto, he had never tried wine change once. All he did was to increase to
number of golden delicious get. Kirei did not change think of deliver it to his visitor.
As for this drinker who casually carry others hidden wine, no matter how large indefinite quantity he praised
it, Kirei did not have any welcoming attitude towards him.
What do you want?
Facing this dampen question, Archer lifted up his wine glass and gazed meaningfully at Kirei.
Looks like the ones who are bored arent just limited to me alone.
Bored?
Proceeding this statement, Kirei realized the meaning behind those words instantly.

Apparently, this heroic spirit had recognize what flow last night- Kirei refuse
Tokiomis orders to stay put, and risk out alone- although Kirei was not sure since
when Archer copulate about it.
Whats wrong, Kirei? Are you also feeling unsatisfied with only obeying Tokiomis
commands?
So, are you still unhappy with your bowdlerize now, Gilgamesh?
Escape Archers question, Kirei asked back in a displeased tone. Although he is the mystical
King of Mythical Being, Kirei did not see him as someone to be feared. In malevolence of Tokiomis views,
a Servant is still a servant. No matter who this Heroic Spirit is, he is still Servant Archer, an
existence inhere to Tokiomi. Analyze him to Kirei who is Tokiomis apprentice, their
status is about the same. Location is no need to worry too large indefinite quantity about him.
Archer did not mind this attitude of his. He merely snorted, and took another drink of wine.
The unit who summoned me here and has been providing me with prana is Tokiomi. So no
matter what, I still have to treat him with servant-like rule.
After this surprising declaration, a sliver of melancholic haze radiate in Gilgameshs red
iridaceous plant.
But frankly speaking, he is really a boring work, completely devoid of any interesting
aspects.
These words should not come from you, a Servant.
From his astonished heart, Kirei felt a dismiss surge of anger at Archers rude remark towards
his master. At the same time period, he felt that he had a rough idea as to why Archer came to visit
him. In this mored relaxed quality, Kirei had slowly accepted the presence of Archer in
his room.
Are they really that mundane? Tokiomi-shis orders.
Huh Really meaningless. Wanting to succeed the omnipotent, wish-give device,
Akasha? What a pointless wish.
The only feeling every sorcerer hanker for change in their imagination; Archer laughed it off just like
that. But Kirei was able to empathize with him.

The craving desire for the root is something every sorcerer has. Bystanders would not be
able to comprehend it.
If that is so, you are unit of the bystanders too, Kirei. As far as I know, before this, your
position is unit which opposes the magi, right?
Archer had seemingly heard about Kireis change stand. Although he always wears an
air of pride, his ability to gather accounting data is amazingly sharp.
Kirei folded his arms, deep in thought. Instead of Tsaka Tokiomis apprentice, if he looks at
things from the view point of the advocate of the Assembly of the 8th Sacrament, what
is the purpose of Tokiomis Heavens Feel?
..The path precede to the root remove be said to lead to the outside of the world. Which is
to say, it will not bring any symptom to the inside, which is this world. For the Church, which
only adjust on the inside, the magis pursuit is downright pointless. We remove only take their
action as a meaningless plan.
Oh I see. Looks like I am only interested in things related to this universe, which is also my
garden.
Speaking as if he owns the universehaving such a haughty attitude really manner his status as
the King of Mythical Being.
I am not interested in the administrative district that cannot be card by me. Thats why I dont care
about this root thingy at all.
Kirei smiled bitterly. In other words, this Archers stand goes against all the other magi. That
is why it is reasonable for Tsaka Tokiomi, a typical sorcerer, to feel helpless at someone like
Archer.
If the Holy Grail of Fuyuki City is only a special device which movement the root, no matter
how violently the magi fight for it, I think the Holy Church would just ignore them.
Unfortunately, the ability for the Holy Grail to realize wishes is omnipotent. It has
unlimited, mysterious quality to change change the inside of the world. If such a great quality
were to fall into wrong hands, it will become an existence which offer our effect. This is
the reason the Holy Church chose Tsaka. Instead of ignoring this matter and let the grail fall
into wrong hands, it is better if it is wasted on a boring, meaningless wish But I have a
feeling that my father has other utility in the beginning.

What you mean is, the other Masters fight for the Holy Grail for reasons different from
Tokiomis?
Kirei communicate his head in response to Archers questioning.
While Tokiomi is a typical performance of a sorcerer, he is also unit of the most
right-travel. In this era, people who pursue pure magecraft like he does no longer exist. All
the other guys are pursuing the bent of mundane riches. Prestige, desires, quality all these
are wishes that remove be fulfilled within the world. Isnt this great? These are all my
favorite things.
You are but the king who govern over these uncouth ones, Gilgamesh.
Refusing to statement, Archer merely laughed and finished his delicious wine in a single reflex. At
Kireis apparent judgment, he did not feel insulted at all.
Then what about you? Kirei, what wish do you want to fulfill by getting your hands on the
Holy Grail?
At such a direct question, for the first time period, Kirei hesitated.
I
Indeed. This is the most fundamental question of all. Why are the Command Seals engraved
on Kotomine Kireis give hands?
Artificial Language not have any special wish.
At his vague statement, Archers red pupils emanated a coquettish glow.
How remove that be possible? I thought the Holy Grail only summons those with wishes?
It should be like that. buti am not sure of the reason too. Why would the Holy Grail
choose me? Someone without any ideals to accomplish; someone without any desire to
fulfill Why am I chosen?
Is this something demerit such frustration?
Noticing his heavy look, Archer could not help but to laugh loudly.
If it is not for any desire or ideal, wont merely seeking pleasure be enough?

Damn you!
Kireis fury is basically created unconsciously.
You want me, a follower of God, to seek comfort? How remove I commit such a sinful act
which would cause me to be impound?
Sinful act? Condemned?
Looking at the serious expression of Kirei's, Archer felt more meaning to those words.
Without bearing any intangible, Archer laughed at him.
Huh. That was a leap in system, Kirei. Why did you variable pleasure and transgress?
Thats because
Kirei could not statement. And Kirei was also unsure how he ended up in such an awkward
situation, something he had never experienced before.
At Kireis silence, Archer change state increasingly full of himself and commented.
Acquiring pleasures through letter is actually wrong. But humans do acquire happiness
through virtuous means. If you say that pleasure in itself is sinful, does it make sense at all?
Such an elementary question, yet why was he struggling to statement? The reason perplex Kirei.
He felt as if a nonchalant unease was locked in an unknown administrative district deep within his heart.
What pleasures? I do not change have them. Thats why I will not seek it.
Finally opening his mouth, Kirei answered in a voice unlike him at all, unsure and hesitatingas if he could not find the answer and simply came up with some sentence to deal with it.
Archer scrutinized him, then burst out in laughter.
Kotomine Kirei, suddenly I have a new-found interest in you.
What do you mean?
Im just kidding. Dont mind me.
Rain himself a new cup of red wine, he gravitate back on the sofa, speaking loudly.

Happiness is fundamentally a part of the human soul. Location isnt any yes and no
difference. It is just whether you are aware or not aware of it. Kirei, you had only failed to
find it from the degree of your heart. To experience happiness, that is the first feeling to do.
Mind you own commerce, Servant. Trying to polish me
This is no clergyman education. It is gained by a king from experiencing all the wealth and
pleasures of the world. Listen carefully.
Despite saying that, Kirei was actually meticulously treat everything Archer said.
For some reasons, those haughty words sent shockwaves to his nerves.
Kirei. First of all, you have to understand something about this feeling called entertainment.
Entertainment?
U-huh. Decrease your views to only the inside is not the right way. You must increase your
horizonoh yeah. Induce start by letting you experience my beguilement. How does that
sound?
For the me right now, location is no such feeling as time period for entertainment.
I am different from you, Kirei thought silently.
Hey, dont say something like that. After complete Tokiomis tasks, you will have lots
of time period, eh? You indirect tax is to dispatch spies to monitor the movements of the other five Masters,
right?
You are correct.
In that case, you shouldnt just understand their intentions and battle contrivance. How about
finding out their reasons for seeking the Holy Grail and letting me know about them? Thats
not something too hard for you, right?
Indeed, this write of investigation did not be large indefinite quantity from the undertaking Tokiomi gave
him.
Assassin, who observed the everyday life of its target, could easily record their conversations.
By analyzing the content of the literary composition, the reason they sought the Holy Grail could then
be reason easily. All he had to do is just to ask Assassin to regular payment extra foil to this write of
conversation.

But Archer, why do you want to know such things?
I mentioned it before, right? I am interested in the aggression of human beings. And among
those who fight for the Holy Grail, location has to be unit or two interesting Masters, right? At
least more interesting than Tokiomi.
Kirei tried to cool his head and think rationally. He had only regarded Emiya Kiritsugu with
interest, completely ignoring the rest. Besides, he did not have any bond to agree to
Archers ask. However, if he could have some consequence over this Servant who was
completely out of Tokiomis control, maybe it would bring some positive appearance to the
Tokiomi camp in the future.
Sanction, Archer. I promise you. But this will take some time period.
No problem at all. I have the patience to work.
After finishing the red wine again, Archer grow from the couch. His movements caused not
only the air to shake/oscine slightly; the glow within the room swing/change with him
as source. This Heroic Spirit who controlled all the beginning of the earth seemed to emit an
invisible radiance from his entire body.
Ah, I will come again to taste your delicious wine. You collection remove change compete the
heavenly wines. To leave them gathering dust in a religious room is such a waste.
Expressionless, Kirei neither agreed nor be. Maybe Archer took his silence as consent.
Wearing a satisfied smile, he give the room.
Right after Archer give, the majestic quality give the room too; change it, the mundane
quality of the room.
Finally alone, Kirei started to ponder on the strange conversation he had with the strange
visitor.
It was the first time period he had a unit-to-unit conversation with Archer.
Come to think of it, be it Subordinateness or Masters, all of them fight with all they have in this
Heavens Feel to fulfill certain wishes- save that uncontrollable King of Mythical Being who is
apparently not interested in the Holy Grail at all. Amongst the Subordinateness gathered in Fuyuki
city, he had to be the unit with the least will to fight. From this point of view, it looks like he
get the same sentiment with Kirei - he had to be the only Master who jump in the
Heavens Feel without any reason.

No, maybe the reason still coexist, just that Kirei hadnt discovered it yet. Location had to be a
craving desire for the Holy Grail to succeed certain miracles, maybe somewhere deep within
his heart.
Nevertheless, this is definitely not the happiness Archer chat up about.
The unit who copulate the answer was not Archer; it is someone else.
The person in question is Emiya Kiritsugu. Everything would have been solved if the
conversation just now could instead be between him and Emiya Kiritsugu, Kirei thought.
Of course their positions were completely different. Thus they would have discussed using
their weapons instead of their words. But it is still alright if that is the case, since Kirei had
only wanted to fight with this person called Emiya Kiritsugu; a conversation between men.
As these content played in his mind, Kirei picked up the empty wine put tossed away by
Archer.

-140:41:54
At the scene of the collapsed Fuyuki Hyatt hotel, the rescue team was working frantically
throughout the night.
After the symptom of Kiritsugus magecraft was lost, the discharge department discovered that
location were still two vips in the building when it collapsed.
Because they were on the top right of the hotel when the incident happened, rescue insect
lost all hopes at finding them alive. Still, their bodies had to be found before they threw in the
piece of cloth completely. Under the daylight-bright mobilite, rescue insect quickly cleared the
rubbles at the scene using machine.
At the dawn of the following day, the rescue team that toiled throughout the night was
exhausted. At this force, something strange happened.
You said you found something strange?
This was followed by the prompt arrival of the supervisor of the rescue team to the scene.
According to the insect, they found a silver sphere of about 3 meters in diameter amongst

the rubble. No matter how they question it, it did not look like part of the building equipment
at all. Out of nowhere, it had just appeared suddenly in the midst of the rubbles.
Is this from the building? Unit of the award of the retrograde bistro on the top
right?
Change if that is the case, this feeling is perfectly undamaged. Isnt that weird?
At closer observation, its floor did indeed have no signs of damage at all. Reflecting bright
light just like a mirror, it looks like it had just been polished.
Whydoes it look like mercury?
The bewildered supervisor declared his content as he laid his hands on the floor of the sphere.
At the first contact, surprisingly the sphere descend inwards.
?
As the astonished supervisor trust at it in further scrutiny, he realized that he did not weightlift
inwards- he had merely touched it.
Supervisor?

Not noticing anything strange, the nearby rescue insect decay a puzzled expression and
trust at their astounded-looking supervisor.
Did anything happen?
we have to remove this feeling from this place.
Huh?
Use the handcart to transport it away. Hurry.
Suddenly, the supervisor change state unusually make. In a calm voice he instructed the insect to
work swiftly.

Though the insect were still slightly restrict, they copulate that the object of unknown point
before their attention should be removed from the scene immediately. So they promptly heaved
the silver sphere up to the put in the truck.
Huh? Wheres the supervisor?
A member abruptly noticed that the supervisor, who was just overseeing them seconds ago, had
disappeared. And from behind the cloth covering of the work rescue insect, the sound of an engine
move could be heard.
At the golfer seat of the truck, slowly driving the truck away from the scene, is the
expressionless supervisor of rescue insect. But when the rescue insect noticed this, it was
already too late. The truck which carried the silver sphere had vanished among the streets in
the dawn light.
Five hours later, at the outskirts of the city, a police patrol discovered the lost truck, with the
supervisor still sitting at the drivers seat, unconscious. However, the truck which move the
silver sphere on its shelves was now only give with an empty remove.





Excuse me? Is this Mackenzies house?
Yeah. This is the name of the owner of this house.
Then, who is..Sir King of Conquerors Alexander?
I am he.
Ah, ah. Err I see. Ah, hahaah. Then remove you sign over here?
Sign? Alrightdone!
Thank you very large indefinite quantity. So-sorry for disturbing.

Hmm. No problem at all.
At the second-right bedroom of Glen Mackenzies house he was so accustomed to staying as
if it is his own house, Waver Velvet change state up from his imagination.
The sun had fully risen. Treating the day as a spend, he move idly on the bed, refusing to get
up. So it shouldnt hurt if I lie about like this, right?
Everything that had happened until now was just like a dream. That unequalled, tragic death
match and annihilation.
But the engraved Command Seals on the back of his give hand inform Waver that this
wasnt a dream.
As Riders Master, Waver had witnessed the fierce battle between the five Subordinateness yesterday
night - this is an undeniable fact.
At that force, for the first time period in his life, this youth entered into the battlefield; for the first
time period, weaving in between life and death.
Trepidation, horror; he had never felt them so strongly before.
However, what was give in his heart at this momentwasnt fear-related emotions. Instead,
drive full of delight and excitement surged up in his heart.
Waver did not have any accomplishment yesterday night- every action was decided by
Alexander, alone. As a Master he had only stood beside his Servant, witnessing everything
from the side. Bad still, he zonk out at the climax of the battle, written record him unable to catch
the final result of the fight.
Nevertheless, Waver still felt that it was a very meaningful battle. The things and values he
exist from it, looks like only he understood them.
not daring enough to change appear up before me, coward; you are not fit to be my opponent
at all
These words were used to insult Lancers Master. Lord El-Melloi, someone Waver hated and
feared, was laughed at by Rider as a coward.
But the courage Rider held with pride was merely rash idiocy in Wavers attention. If he had been
the unit who think the battle strategy, he would let his Servant cross swords in the

battlefield, whilst as a Master, he would hide himself behind the curtain to observe the
change of location of the combat- which is the same tactic as Kayneth. This is what is called as proper
battle tactics.
But
the work who is most befitting to be my Master must be a valiant unit who command into the
battlefield together with me
Of course Waver wasnt the write of person who remove charge into the enemy beside Rider.
Hiding beside the bridge, he was actually so frighten that he agitate into the chariot,
wanting to escape immediately. However, this reaction had been mistaken as an act of courage.
Nonetheless, at this time period these things needed not to be hunted person further.
No matter what his reasons were, Waver could still clearly remember the feeling of Riders
hand on his body part - so broad, so strong.
Yes. This write of person IS my Master. Rider had really said that to him.
Compared to Lord El-Melloi- the prodigy, famous lecturer, someone to whom Waver cannot
hold a candle at unit time period, Waver was way religious then.
His value was finally evaluate- come to think of it, this was the first time period someone
acknowledged his ability.
Although praises and charge are but meaningless things, for this youth who had never been
praised by anyone before, living thing praised by someone else was really elate.
That is why Waver was on interval heaven right now. No matter how he tried, he could not
contain his excitement.
Although his Servant did not treat him with the remark call by a Master and had
always called Waver by his first name, yet, no matter how disrespectful this obstinate was,
Waver should at least feel grateful towards him now. After all, Rider was the first unit to
value him.

Tortured by his change content, Waver fill his head under the covers. From today
onwards, what write of attitude should he employ when he happening that giant Servant of his?

At this force, suddenly Waver realized that the usual breathe beside his ears in the
mornings were absent.
Waver lifted his head from the covers and found out that, Rider who usually rest on the bed,
was not location. For someone who hate spiritual abbreviation, he would not simply cancel his
physical abbreviation and change by reversal to spiritual abbreviation without any good reason. Besides, change if he had
dematerialized, as his Servant, it is impossible for Waver not to feel any of his presence at all.
So location is only unit possibility- Rider was not in the house.
Waver started to think calmly. He had overslept this morning, so it was not unusual for Rider
to rise earlier than him.
However, the problem at hand is that Rider was not within the house, which meant that Rider
act to other places alone without Wavers permissionfrom the corbel step of the corridor, tramp could be heard coming up the corbel step.
From these heavy footsteps, Waver could tell that it was Rider, thus feeling slightly relieved.
However, recognizing the meaning of such heavy footsteps, Waver befriend immediately.
Oh, so you are awake, eh? Kiddo.
Riders voice was accompanied by his huge torso which appeared at the door. And regarding
the thick suit of armor he was wearing Though Waver had leave used to the weird
event, he still found it to be an alien and unimaginable feeling. If this extremely strange
sight were to be seen by the Mackenzie couple, he feared that the hypnosis he travel on them
would be weaken very quickly.
Therefore, Waver had, with some quality, managed to persuade the Servant who downright
refused to dematerialize, to stay at the first right and not moving around as he desire Of
course, that was the case, until this morning.
Youwent downstairs dressed like this?
Dont be scared, sanction? The old couple of this house had give early in the morning. So location
are only two of us now. I act downstairs to partake the express conveyance package.
Looks like Rider also copulate to try his best not to be seen by the Mackenzie couple. Waver,
who got slightly relieved at this, suddenly noticed something amiss. Nervously, he catechize
Rider from head to toe.

In the hands of the giant was a small package with the express delivery distinguish on it.
So you act to the pipe entrance in this costume?
I have no decision making what. We cannot send the delivery work away without showing any
gratitude, right?
It was already too late.
But luckily he was not noticed by anyone staying nearby, only by the postman who comes
occasionally to give parcels. In malevolence of that, it was very likely for the word to spread from
the postman, saying something like location was a warrior in Achaean armor in this house. All he
could do was to pray that people would treat his words as a prank.
Say, this isnt change your parcel, so you dont have to express your gratitude, right?
Huh? No. It is my parcel.
What!?
Showing off, Rider let Waver see the parcel- Fuyuki Municipality Miyami District, 228 Mackenzie
Residence. To the King of Conquerors Alexander. This preposterous content was openly
displayed on the post communicate. On the Distributor file, the words Evolve in Be
Character Morality: Animan Bar Nanbo Shop.
What is this? Rider, explain.
I am just trying out this mail-order thingy. Location were quite a lot of quantity which caught
my foil on the advertorial section of World Military Monthly.
Eh? Mail-order?
When he thought of it, Waver finally understood why Rider further requested for a card
when he asked Waver to buy military magazines and recording record. At that time period, Waver
hadnt the faintest idea what the postcard was for No, it should be that Waver did not change
analyze it.
I said, where on earth did you learn mail-order from?
Although Heroic Spirits remove obtain knowledge from the Hold Grail, it would not have been to
the extent of learning how to use mail-order. Waver was very reluctant to believe these were
all true.

Huh? This write of detail, didnt they explain it clearly at the back of the magazine and the
recording tapes? Just look at it for a while and youll understand.
When did you see those advertisementshuh? Where did you get the money for the
mail-order?
Dont worry. I have already paid in full.
Laughing cheerfully, Rider returned Wavers case to him. Apparently, he had change his
Masters case without allowance while he was sleeping.
This work is so nave that he had change wanted to buy an invisible bomber; no unit would know
what expensive commodity he had purchased this time period. Frighten, Waver took out his case
and checked the sum of money inside, whilst aim back his tears.
After checking, he realized that the number of 10 000 yen notes inside remained unchanged;
just that a few thousand yen notes were missing. Waver heaved a huge sigh of damages. Because
he had collapsed in damages, Wavers fury at Rider for taking his case without allowance had
diminished.
This juvenile was not change aware of his helplessness: Is he analyze lucky or unlucky?
As for Rider, he was beside Waver, sound a tone while opening the parcel happily.
Hoho!
He shouted in joy after opening it.
Not bad! Not bad! I like it very large indefinite quantity. The real product looks change nicer than the unit in the
representation.
A T-shirt?
Rider removed an LARGE INTEGER sized T-shirt from the parcel. No matter how Waver trust at it, it
trust just like another cheapskate product. At the front part of the shirt, an look-catching
logo was imprinted on top of the world map - "The Nymphalid Great Tactics"It trust like
unit of those products from the meat part publicize in on the front page of the special
issue of the magazine.
It is really not bad. After I noticed Saber yesterday night, I had a sudden inspiration too. If I
wear peer styled clothes when I go to the streets, you wouldnt mind, right?

Wavers Heroic Spirit abhorred spiritual abbreviation and strongly preferred his physical abbreviation.
Although Waver had headaches over this matter, the silver lining was that at least Rider did
not think of going for opening shopping in the streets. Now he is in deep trouble. Waver was
angry to the extent of wanting to curse Saber (who gave Rider such an idea) and her Master
to death.
Meanwhile, Rider had tried on his new shirt and was displaying various poses, drawing
simple happiness from it.
Wahaha! Just like what I wanted- the symptom of having the whole world on my chest. Haha!
Really change me feel happy.
ah, ahh. Yeah, yeah.
What if he continued to cover his head and rest over it? If he did so, he would chase away the
view of this elated Rider, wearing a T-shirt from his sight; and to escape back to gentle rest.
Currently, this is the best idea Waver could think of. When he gets up again next time period, the
world would be a better place, right?
Such a arouse concept had to be abandoned as Waver thought of what Rider would do next.
Hey Rider, work. I said, work!
Noticing that Rider was about gait out of the house, the nervous Waver stopped him
immediately.
Where are you going?
Do you have to ask that? To the streets, of course. To appear those agricultural laborer the new look of
the almighty King of Conquerors.
To wear only a T-shirt amidst the cold wind in November was already abnormal enough. To
top it off, his valiant body was only covered in a T-shirt, nothing else.
At least wear trousers before you go out!
Huh? That feeling that civil suit you to move? Oh yeah. Come to think of it, everyone in this
country wears that feeling.
Looking slightly troubled, the color giant who did not change wear bikini pants held his
forehead with his fist, whilst asking Waver seriously:

Do I really have to wear that?
That is a must.
Although he had not washed his face yet, Wavers temporary state had gone up in a recommendation of smoke.
This inconsiderate, ignorant-to-common-sense muscular idiot united nations agency as lacking in manners as
a eastern lowland gorilla Once Waver thought of the countless license he had made for him, he could
not help but to get angry.
Let me get this clear. I will not go to the streets to get super big-sized inhalation just for you. Ill
definitely not go.
What didya say?
With an exaggerated look, Rider mark at Waver. But Waver would not make in this time period - he
had arrange his determination with an home appliance-hard will.
Hey adolescent, are you going against my majestic action?
Your majestic achievements and your trousers are two completely irrelevant things! Before
you go out to have a ball yourself, appear me what you remove! Kill at least unit of the opponents
Subordinateness!
Eh? You are quite an impatient fellow. You remove engage a Servant in a combat anytime you
want, you know.
So do it now! Kill at least unit of them! If you do that, Ill buy you trousers or anything you
want.
Showing a sudden solemn look, Rider change state silent.
Oh I see. Understood. For now, as desire as I constitute you the kill head of the
enemy, you declare that you would get me a pair of trousers?
At Rider who gave in with such surprising liveliness, Waver felt very helpless instead.
So you really want to go to the street in this T-shirt only?
Aint the King of Knights doing the same? As the King of Conquerors, how remove I be flip
behind her? And no matter what, I like the create of this shirt very large indefinite quantity. It fits source with the
subjugator outfit.

This idiot without any tastes get was praised down the generations as a hero; is this a dry joke
from the scholar from the past? Wavers train of content subconsciously flew past time period
and space and returned to the distant past.
At this exact force, sound! An attention splitting explosion reverberated into Wavers ears.
No, to be specific, it was not a sound, but a proceeding stimulus. It directly attacked Wavers
psychic nerves of a sorcerer - in other words, a magecraft impulse.
What was that? At the east.
As a Servant Alexander could also felt the stimulus clearly.
From the undo curtains, unit could see a layer of spot separate in the clear atmosphere. Although
the pattern of the spot trust like those clouds formed by low explosive, the twinkling glow did
not look like normal fireworks smoke at all.
Despite the fact that Waver could see the smoke clearly, because it was formed due to
magecraft, people besides magi could not see it. The same goes to the noise. To a normal
person, it was but a sound of normal fireworks.
That positionis where Fuyuki church is, right?
As unit of the Masters participating in the Holy Grail War, Waver had at least some basic
knowledge. So he understood the meaning behind the signal immediately.
As the supervisor of the war, the Holy Church would send that tell fire every time period it has
something crucial to inform the Masters. This is the most appropriate means to inform the
Masters, as the Hold Church would not have the faintest idea where they would be.
Is it something related to us?
Waver climb to find the best answer to Riders question.
Cannot say that it is totally unrelated to us. How should I put it
In fact, Waver did not announce to the Holy Church his identity as a Master.
As desire as he has a Servant on the material on Fuyuki city, naturally his position as a Master
is established. So location was no need at all to do things under the Service thumb - Waver
decided. After all, he had exist the holy relic through unscrupulous means. If he did
anymore extraneous things, would he land himself into deep trouble?

However, it would be strongbox if he ignored the practice called by the Fuyuki Church. A
meeting for all the Masters called by the observe Holy Church, what emergency could it
be? Normally it would be due to amendments to the rules, addition of extra conditions
Besides, it might also announce new accounting data next.
This accounting data might be the key point to the battles henceforth. From the electrical phenomenon situation,
it would be more beneficial if he listened to the bell captain suggestions. And if they were
some regulations which modify him, when the time period comes, all he had to do is just to ignore
them.
Rider, source talk of about the trousers some other time period. I have some other things to sound
right now.
What are you so afraid of? It is hard to get such a nice sail for strolling.
Throwing the thwart Rider aside, Waver started doing his preparations.

-138:15:37
A heavy quality hung over the pews of the church.
Noticing the dense demonic aura in front of him, Father Kotomine Risei could not help but to
laugh bitterly.
Around an hour had passed since the summoning signal had been released. None of the
Masters came to the Fuyuki Church; in place of them, five familiars gathered in the place.
Apart from Kotomine Kirei who had withdrawn from the war on the floor and Casters
Master, Ryuunosuke, who was not able to see the signal, the other Masters had sent their
legislator. Looks like all the Masters were not affect about their etiquette towards the
church.
Tsaka Tokiomi had also sent his familiar to the meeting. The rest of the familiars should be
dispatched by Einsbern, Mat and the two foreign Masters. This had also grow the fact that
Lord El-Melloi, whose whereabouts were unknown after the explosion of the Fuyuki Hyatt
hotel, is still alive.
I had actually prepared the usual jest of greeting especially, but it be no unit has
come. So Ill go straight to the point.

After that simple opening, the old Father faced the human-free social group - at least location
was no human gathering constitute - and continued:
The War of the Holy Grail, which remove succeed all of your wishes, is currently in great crisis.
The Holy Grail is expect to change quality only to the Master and Servant who seek it, but
now location is a informant. Ignoring the cardinal obligation of the Holy Grail, he and his Heroic
Spirit use the quality granted them to cover their frivolous desires.
Risei did not care about the response from the meet, possibly due to the fact that he had
leave used to lecture as a Father. Though obviously, the congregation could only listen
quietly. After a dismiss clear the throat, the old Father continued speaking.
We discovered that Casters Master is the work who is behind the serial killing and
capture cases which happened lately in Fuyuki city. He used his Servant to include out his
crimes, but he ignored the transgression scene right after he was done, not concealing his traces.
What this act of severe violation of the rule of secrecy would bring - I guess you would
understand without my explanation.
Although location was no response from the familiars, the Masters who heard his words through
their familiars should be wavering right now, at least slightly. Just like how Tokiomi reacted
this morning; such is the usual reaction of a sorcerer.
He and his Servant are no longer your individual enemy, but a general threat to the
summoning of the Holy Grail. Therefore, I use book of supervision I have at such critical
term, to change the rules of the Holy Grail War temporarily.
In a strict voice he declared, whilst pulling up his right dolman sleeve, unwrap his right arm.
Although his body was old, the strong and muscular arm he once had during his younger days
could still be seen. Tattoo-like images fully covered his elbow to his wrist No, those should not be called decoration. Those Masters participating in the War of the Holy
Grail would know what they were at their first sight.
These, are the things know from previous Holy Grail Wars, and entrusted to me as the
supervisor this term Holy Grail War. The background of the Masters who lost their Subordinateness
before the final battle- their leftover Command Seals.
After this knead, no unit would doubt the book of Father Risei as the supervisor.
All the Command Seals not used in time period were change care of by him, the overseer.

Command Seals are also recognize as holy marks, the knead that bore on its back the failure of
participating in the War of the Holy Grail. Not only does it include the significance of failure, it is
also a device to control Subordinateness.
The phenomenon of Command Seals is already a category of miracle by itself. But although this
crest on the Masters body have enormous quality, Command Seals are still a abbreviation of
exhaustible physical enchantment. Thus, they remove be shift or transferred through
incantations.
I remove transfer these reserve Command Seals to anyone based on my judgment. For all of you
who control your Subordinateness, I guess you all know the importance and value of these crests?
Although he was only facing the familiars whose only indirect tax is to pass what theyre proceeding to
their person, Father Risei slowly entered into the state of preaching, and his excitement was
stimulate.
All Masters should stop all electrical phenomenon hostilities. Everyone needs to get the better of Caster with all that
letter got. I will adopt the Master who fend to annihilate Caster and his Master, and
bestow him additional Command Seals due to the special case.
If this mission is accomplished alone, only that person will be give; if many work
then all will be awarded. Once I have made sure that Caster is destroyed, the War of the Holy
Grail will resume.
Father Risei rolled down his dolman sleeve and further added.
So, if location are any questions, you remove ask them now.
A commotion could be heard in the darkness. Sounds of moving presiding officer, sounds of getting up,
and sounds of leaving change together, and then vanished gradually.
Since the supervisors announcement has been fully understood, it would be meaningless to
move at that place any longer. Currently the Masters have nothing to ask. Everyone had
probably started preparing for the new competition.
The church had finally reverted to its truly human-free state. Father Risei think upon
future improvement whilst smile.
After inform these things, all he has got to do now is work. Those four hungry hounds
would surely drive Caster into condition.

The countenance of the targeted Master and the location of Casters workshop were already
recognize. If the other Masters were to be informed skillfulness would probably increase.
However, if not touch carefully, it might make their suspicion. Thus, it was still not the
appropriate time period to be the administrative unit gathered by Assassin to the public.
How desire remove Caster keep up? Risei and Kirei felt that the electrical phenomenon situation will not
immediately change to a 6 to 1 blockade. In his opinion, it would be difficult for the other
Masters to naively follow the supervisors instructions, focusing on Caster as their pipe
target. This is because they felt that the hunt for Caster was but a mere show. Their real
goal is still to achieve in the prove contest.
Everybody craves for more Command Seals. But if the opponents would acquire the same
feeling, then he would not have any advantage give.
For these Masters, instead of work to obtain the Command Seals together, they would
rather get the better of Caster on their own to gain sole advantage over the others, although the former
was large indefinite quantity easier. Furthermore, they might change impede each other in competition.
If that is so, it would be troublesome. If each of them obstructed the other, it might be
disadvantageous towards Archers movements.
All the Masters movements would be under the watchful attention of Assassin, someone they
had almost neglect. Kireis indirect tax was executed beautifully. As a sorcerer who learned
magecraft at the last climax within a few days, to be able to use such superior means to
control his Servant, this should be something change his teacher Tokiomi could not expect.
For the sake of his effect, for the religious doctrine of the Church, and for the sake of his promise to his
deceased friends; brimming with self-confidence, this child exhausted all that he has,
deploying his natural ability. A great achievement indeed, something change his father failed to
accomplish.

Act 6
-131:23:03
Head straight westward from Fuyukis work streets for about thirty kilometers.
Location is an east-west orientated state highway that cut through tall large indefinite quantity far removed
from community and devoid of human presence. A stretch of dense forest occupied both sides of
the highway, and this piece of forest seemed neglect by the torrential flow of land
development.
Maybe this land is state-owned, but based on its register it appears to be owned privately by
an overseas company; moreover, it is yet unconfirmed whether this overseas company truly
exists. If someone postulate on investigating this land, then the first confuse feeling would be this
legendary urban myth.
It is rumored that in the deepest part of this dense forest, location exists a legendary castle.
Of course, this myth is only a boring fib. Although the forest is undeveloped it is still
only about an hours drive away from Fuyuki city. If location truly is such an outlandish castle
then everyone would know about it. In fact, people have conducted land examination in this
primeval forest numerous term and have not once found any traces of human structures.
But after every few years, someone would bring that myth up again.
A group of children once walked into this forest half-playfully, half-cave, and location was
also a lost passenger. They think an ancient castle suddenly appearing out of the dense fog; it
was built out of rock and immensely spectacular. No unit lived inside the castle and it
appeared to be abandoned. But within it location were all person of quality and everything was in
perfect order, and people couldnt help but have the illusion that humans indeed live here. It
is said to be an extremely uncanny ancient castle.
Obviously no unit would believe in this rumor. The best it remove be is a story told by journalism
that have ran out of news material, which used unit page in their spend special issue
devoted to strange tales to pass it across.
Only a very small assets of magi know that this castle truly exists.
This castle only receive the owner that succeed here to participate in the war every large integer
years; all in all, it is a castle of the way of magecraft.

This castle is cover by double place of performance and bounded fields, and would never
be exposed to the outside except in rare accidents. This is a strange space of existence. The
people who know of the castles existence call this dense forest the Einsbern forest.
When Fuyuki held the Heavens Feel Jubstacheit, the head of the Einsbern family, felt that it
is an inappropriate move to establish an post on the land directly affect to their
archrival Tsaka family. Therefore, he fully used the financial quality of his social group and pay
all the leyline covered material closest to Fuyuki as the Einsbern lineage headquarters. That
was near the beginning of the third Heavens Feel, which also overlap with the tense and
dangerous term just before the operation of the Second World War.
This broad primeval forest is covered with a bounded field and completely get to the
outside world, and the Einsbern family transferred everything in their original castle into this
forest. From this act, the Einsberns immense financial quality and their extraordinary
persistence in pursuing the Holy Grail remove be seen. Compared to the Einsberns, the various
negotiations the Tsakas had to make in order to purchase land at Fuyuki and the hurt they
put in to concealing it all would be a mere laughing matter.



The dense quality made Irisviel sigh numerous term.
Are you exhaust, Iri?
Kiritsugu asked. Irisviel hid her melancholic expression and escape her head with a smile.
Its nothing, Im not exhaust. Keep going.
Irisviel urged Kiritsugu. Kiritsugu continued to talk about all sorts of intelligence concerning
Fuyuki city. A map represent the entire Fuyuki city was spread on the table in front of
Kiritsugu.
Two locations are the heart of the entire structure. Unit is the residence of the Second Master,
Tsaka. The other goes without saying; that is Mount Enz. All the leylines in the
surrounding structure gather at Mount Enz. The details are just as Head of the Household Acht
had said

Subordinateness arrived at the castle before Irisviel and company did and had prepared everything
appropriately at the meeting place before leaving. Therefore, the meeting place where the
meeting was living thing held was immaculate. Not a chylomicron of dust gathered anywhere from table
legs to tea trophy, and vases were filled with lively angiosperm. Its impossible to expect that no
unit has lived here for sixty years.
Itd be a lie to say that shes not exhaust. But Irisviel had at least be in bed for a little while.
Kiritsugu, on the other hand, didnt rest for unit climax. It was already near noon when
Kiritsugu and his assistant Hisau Maiya arrived at the castle. However, as soon as they
arrived at the castle they received the summons from Fuyuki church, controlled familiars,
confirmed the notice from the supervisor and such, and Kiritsugu busily dealt with all these
hassles without a inaction. Last night, after the battle at the warehouses, Kiritsugu and company
attacked Lancers Master Kayneth, and change encountered Kotomine Kirei. Another fierce
battle ensued. Yet, Kiritsugu didnt change appear a sliver of exhaustion, then theres no reason
for Irisviel to complain of temporary state either.
No, location were other, hidden reasons for Irisviel to sigh.
A powerful bounded field was established with the Rydji feature on top of Mount Enz
as its base. As a result, apart from Subordinateness, all other natural organism remove only attach the
bounded field through the mountain path. Saber needs to be careful of this when shes
moving.
These words advising caution to Saber could be directly said to Saber face to face. However,
Kiritsugu still didnt change once look at the woman dressed in masculine attire and standing
behind Irisviel.
Location were two reasons why the air change state stagnant and heavy. Unit was that Saber
displayed an attitude of absolute message towards Kiritsugu. This attitude of Fencing Sword didnt
abbreviation just now, but it only change state more obvious since they arrived at Einsbern castle.
Also, apart from these two locations, location are two more key positions in Shinto where
leylines gather. Unit is the Fuyuki church on top of the southern hill, and the other is the new
housing development to the east of the CBD. To end, location are four key spiritual
material in Fuyuki where it is properly equipped to include out the Holy Grails descent.
"Then, once the war succeed the change synchronize and the number of Subordinateness have been narrowed
down, we must take control of unit of these locations?"
"Correct. Any questions concerning the topography?"

"...Saber, is location anything you are not certain of?"
Irisviel did the tactful feeling and tried to arouse her interest. The woman Servant smiled and escape
her head.
"Nothing in particular. It was a sufficient explanation."
While the woman in question is probably not aware, from an observer's point of view it was a
sarcastic, flippant statement.
With a sigh, Irisviel continued.
"So, as for our argumentation from now on... It be all the other Masters will hunt down Caster
first, right, Kiritsugu?"
"Yeah, that be to be the case. The supervisor did indication that location would be correction
for the effort."
A while ago, Kiritsugu told them about the announcement from the Fuyuki Church, and the
supervisor's distraction of the rules; the perverse nature of the Servant Caster and the
supervisor's support in end him.
"However, concerning this Caster, it would be more advantageous if we did not join with the
other Masters. After all, as of this force we are the only ones who know his true name...
Baron Gilles de Rais."
Kiritsugu, his lips bend by a cynical smile, continued.
"He must have lost his mind if he's walk after Saber like that, thinking that she is Joan of
Arc. This guy is useful. We don't change need to drive him away, just arrange our accumulation and work."
"Master, that is not enough."
That was the cold, cavil voice of Saber, who had thus far been isolate from the
discussion.
"With Caster's personality, if we do nothing and simply watch over him, then the number of
innocent victims will only increase. His wrongdoing are unacceptable. We should force him out
before the damage spread."
Perhaps Saber hoped that, with her sincere words, she could pass through the wall
surrounding Kiritsugu's heart; if so, then it was futile.

As ever, Kiritsugu, with no datum that he change heard Saber's voice, spoke again.
"It'll be fine, Iri. We found no breach in the boundary field, and the alarm and interpret
group have already been checked
Gnaw her articulator, Saber's expression change state grimmer as she mark as Kiritsugu. While Saber
could forcibly endure the way Kiritsugu ignored her, the righteous indignation that he would
let Caster do as he wish was too large indefinite quantity.
Of course, Emiya Kiritsugu could not be any less concerned by Saber's look.
"We weren't going to use the castle this time period, but the situation has change. Until we remove temptation
Caster in, we will hold our position in this fortress."
"... But Kiritsugu, don't we need to think of a way to deal with Lancer first?"
Irisviel gave a polyphony on behalf of the ignored Saber.
"It has been eight hours since you defeated Lord El-Melloi, yet Saber's give hand still won't
heal."
"If the curse of that spear doesn't disappear, it means Lancer is still fine. Unlike Archer and
his Independant Action ability, the Servant Lancer cannot remain for a desire time period in the constitute
world without a Master."
Kiritsugu quickly communicate to what his wife was pointing out.
"That's certain. Maybe Lancer formed a new bowdlerize with a new Master, or I failed in killing
Kayneth... a act came up and prevented me from checking out he was dead."
If so, in order to face Caster more safely, dont we need to defeat Lancer first?
However, faced with Irisviels continuous questions, Kiritsugu escape his head.
We have no need to confront Caster directly when he appears. All you need to do is to use
the advantage of the terrain to the maximum. Saber remove just run away and confuse the
mortal enemy line of sight.
Irisviel was shocked. When Saber heard this from Kiritsugu, she was gaping with anger.
Not fighting Caster?

All the other Masters have arrange their intend at Caster. Someone is extent to deal with Caster
without us dig a finger. Therefore, we have no need to commit this extra act.
Caster is rich picking for all those Masters who are chasing Caster with bloodshot attention.
Casters sight is locked on Saber. As desire as Caster change a move, then unit or two of the
Masters pursuing Caster would definitely arrange foot in this forest and we remove criticism these
Masters sideways. The Master who gave pursuing Caster all their foil would never think
that they would change from the role of the seeker to the hunted.
That was it; such was creditably Kiritsugus strategy. In Kiritsugus attention location are no human
morals or the pride of living thing a sorcerer. He is only a predatory machine reason from the
formula of the survival of the fittest.
Kiritsugu originally didnt plan to come to this castle. Irisviel finally understood Kiritsugus
intention in suddenly break his plans and joining forces with her.
Master, you just how despicable do you want to be?!
Saber rebuked loudly and angrily, and Irisviel also felt a faint pain in her heart. Fencing Sword
indignation right now was different from the anger she had last night due to Riders mockery
and Casters have  in some ways this was an change more furious anger.
Emiya Kiritsugu-sama, youre hurt Heroic Spirits.
I only joined this war to avoid seed stream of people. Fight for the Holy Grail, no
meaningless bloodshed, minimize sacrifices, unit person taking up the mission of failure instead
of confederate army of men and emulate here this is what we Subordinateness should do.
Why dont you make me the responsibility of joining the battle? You were just like that when
you attacked Lancers Master last night. Unit misstep had resulted in a misfortune. I have already
made a deal with Lancer to fight again! You dont need to use such despicable means  or is
it that Kiritsugu-sama doesnt have faith in me, who is a Servant?
Kiritsugu didnt statement. He kept an indifferent silence as if Fencing Sword furious words were mere
consider. Irisviel hated that mask-like expression of carefreeness on Kiritsugus face to no end.
That work was not the husband she copulate.
She indeed copulate that the person Emiya Kiritsugu has dual attribute. She detected that on
the unit hand Kiritsugu enable all his emotions to his wife and daughter, and on the other
hand he hid the callus of the past in his heart. Irisviel copulate something about what category of life

Kiritsugu lived before he entered the Einsbern family. But was that the decisive factor that
caused the split between them?
Also, the factor that provide Irisviel to realize this was that black-clad woman constitute in the
meeting. That woman didnt communicate a single word, and silently entrusted everything she has to
Kiritsugu. That woman was the other reason why Irisviel was feeling melancholic.
It wasnt the first time period shes seen Hisau Maiya. She had seen Hisau Maiya a few term in the
Einsbern castle. It was Hisau Maiya who managed all of Kiritsugus worldly business activity
outside during the nine years of Kiritsugus separation.
The woman who mime with Kiritsugu before he provide Irisviel. In the duration of this meeting,
she didnt have a sliver of doubt towards Kiritsugus words and kept her adamant silence.
Perhaps, for Maiya, the Kiritsugu right now was the Emiya Kiritsugu she copulate.
Suddenly, a faint aroma vary into Irisviels nose. It was the smell of common tobacco. That scent of
tobacco had always been with Kiritsugu, from the day she provide him. Irisviel still remembered
that she detested that smell a lot back then.
She hadnt suggest that scent for a desire time period after she officiate Kiritsugu. Now, the scent of
tobacco again emanated from Kiritsugu. Perhaps that is the gunpowder smell of the
battlefield.
The electrical phenomenon Kiritsugu had undoubtedly returned to the Kiritsugu nine years ago. Back then, in
order to win the Holy Grail, Acht took Kiritsugu in. Kiritsugu was like a cruel and merciless
chase.
And the Irisviel back then was merely a doll guarding the Holy Grail. As she reminisced
Kiritsugus past, it was almost as if Irisviel was remembering her own past. As if the nine
years the two of them lived together no longer coexist. Irisviels heart started to become
fretful and restless.
Right now, the person closest to the work Emiya Kiritsugu was not her, who is his wife, but
Hisau Maiya
Irisviel did not say what she was thinking of, but asked a completely irrelevant question:
How should we deal with the new rule of the war the supervisor had proposed? Didnt he
want us to attach a ceasefire with all military unit apart from Caster?

Ignore that new rule. The supervisor only provided the benefit for stay with the new rule,
not the details of the punishment youd get if you break the new rule. If the supervisor really
copulate us about it, we remove just claim we didnt know about this rule.
Completely different from his attitude when treating Saber, Kiritsugu replied to Irisviels
questions thoroughly.
Besides, it just doesnt feel like the supervisor of this war remove be trusted and respected.
Hiding Assassins Master as if he knows nothing about it; letter probably on Tsakas side.
Before we maneuver out everything about him, we should temporarily regard him with some
doubt.

Saber was so angry her body was weaken, and countless content roamed in Irisviels heart.
For a force, the two of them both sank into silence. Kiritsugu took such a silence as the
sign to end the meeting.
Then the assembly over. Irisviel and I will remain in the castle and sound for Casters
assault. Maiya is to return to the city and gather intelligence. Report it to me if location are any
mechanical device location.
Yes sir.
Maiya communicate unhesitatingly, stood up, and give the meeting room. Kiritsugu stood up a while
later, gathered the map and computer file on the table, and also give the room. Kiritsugu didnt
look at Saber change once until the end.
Saber, completely ignored by Kiritsugu, bit her lip tightly and angrily and mark at the carpet
beneath her secret agent. Irisviel and Saber remained in the meeting room. Right now, Irisviel didnt
know what words she could say to relieve the fuming Saber.
No, the proud King of Knights, Saber, wouldnt expect others to comfort her with useless
words. Currently, for Saber, the necessary feeling to do was to resolve the electrical phenomenon problem at
its root. When she thought of this, Irisviel put a hand on Fencing Sword body part to appear her
gratitude towards her, and immediately chased after Kiritsugu and give the meeting room.
That overwhelmingly deliberate ignorance Kiritsugu represent towards Saber  it wasnt just
because the two of them had different beliefs. If Kiritsugu didnt harbor emotions such as
extreme hatred or anger towards Saber he wouldnt be able to act so ignorantly towards her.
All in all, Kiritsugu had overdone it this time period. No matter how large indefinite quantity the strategies of the two

contrast, they were still traveler fighting for a common goal. Although they dont have to
respect each other, they shouldnt humiliate each other either.
Irisviel soon discovered Kiritsugus maneuver. He stood on the gallery that could overlook the
front garden of the castle, leaning on the complain, and trust out into the night forest.
Fortunately, Maiyas maneuver wasnt beside Kiritsugu.
Kiritsugu.
Irisviel spoke as she slowly walked up to Kiritsugus back. She didnt think that her voice
would suddenly become severe. Kiritsugu must have also felt her presence. Because
Kiritsugu didnt appear surprised at all, but turned slowly around.
Irisviel was already prepared. Just then, when Kiritsugu confronted Saber in the meeting
room, a look of such cruelty seeped out of his attention. Irisviel prepared to look straight into
Kiritsugus cruel gaze. However, when she think Kiritsugus expression when he turned
around, she couldnt help but feel helpless and stood rooted to the ground.
Kiritsugus expression was like a hurt and helpless child, forcibly aim back his tears.
Kiritsugu trust as if letter been driven up against a wall. The Kiritsugu standing before
Irisviel right now was so very remote from the maneuver of that powerful sorcerer killer; he is only
a weak and cowardly work.
Kiritsugu, you
Kiritsugu didnt communicate, hugging the confused Irisviel tightly. His chest was shaking. In
Irisviels attention, her save shoulders were always strong and powerful, something others
remove rely on, but now her husband was as helpless as a baby supply in the arms of his
gentle parent.
If I
Irisviel felt that her husband hugged her tighter, change arouse her. Then, her husbands weak
question sounded beside her ear.
If right now I decide to throw away everything and run away from here  Iri, will you leave
with me?
Probably, Irisviel would never be able to expect that a work like Emiya Kiritsugu would ask
such a question. She was so shocked she couldnt communicate for a while, and asked back only
after a desire pause:

Ilya that child is still in the castle. What about her?
We go back to the castle and bring her out. All who stand in our way will be killed.
That was a short and snack food sound  but also full of despair. Doubtlessly, Kiritsugu wasnt
communicate; he was serious.
After that  Ill make everything I have for our family. Ill protect Ilya and you with my life.

Now Irisviel finally understood the feeling of this capture work in front of her. Kiritsugu, the
partner of her life, was facing the greatest battle in his life, and letter already been forced onto
a road of no return.
He was no longer the Kiritsugu from nine years ago. No longer that cold and emotionless
chase, no longer that killing machine who endlessly call on the carpet himself.
Kiritsugu had change. Letter leave very weak, change forcing himself into such a situation to
succeed that very cruel ideal. The key that made Kiritsugu change was none other but Irisviel.
Wife and daughter. They werent meant to be swept into Emiya Kiritsugus life.
Originally, Kiritsugu had nothing to lose. He couldnt change feel pain. It was precisely because
Emiya Kiritsugu was such a work that he remove be extraordinarily strong, he remove pursue the
immense ideal of saving the world, unhesitatingly sacrifice everything for it, and become a
soldier whose cruelty knows no bounds.
The electrical phenomenon Kiritsugu wanted to go back to the past, to be the work he was before. But  at the
same time period that he remembered the past, in the attribute of Kiritsugus electrical phenomenon soul an
inconsolable double bind formed. These nine years completely change Kiritsugu. Kiritsugu was
already enduring a huge assets of pressure and pain just to maintain the look of cruelty and
heartlessness he had before.
Kiritsugus ignorance of Saber was exactly the abandonment of Kiritsugus weakness. Currently,
Kiritsugu was already exhausted trying to preserve himself. He had no energy to accept Saber,
change with no extra energy give to covenant to the King of Knights.
Irisviels heart hurt terribly. The work she loves with all her heart was living thing tormented, but
location was nothing she could do. Thats because the person that caused all of Kiritsugus
distress is herself.

The only feeling Irisviel remove do now  was to weakly raise her doubt to him.
Are we able to run away? We
We remove. Now theres still a chance.
Kiritsugu replied immediately. But that wasnt believable. Kiritsugu only said that to allow
his own heart to still cherish that illusionary hope.
Youre misinform.
So Irisviel control that out, gently, cruelly.
Thats impossible. Emiya Kiritsugu, its impossible for you to run away.
Make up the Holy Grail, make up the ideal of saving the world; you will definitely not forgive
such a self. You will definitely be the final judge and declare the death social control for yourself.
Kiritsugu finally cried out. He understood that too. He had no choices give since a desire time period
ago.
Im so scared
Kiritsugu sobbed, and spoke of what was in his heart like a child.
That guy  Kotomine Kirei locked his intend on me. Maiya told me that. That guy used
Kayneth as temptation to temptation me onto his hook. Letter already guessed all my plans
I may lose the battle. I sacrificed you, and give Ilya aside, but still that most dangerous
person had already intend his weapons at me. That guy is the enemy I least want to meet!
Emiya Kiritsugu, not a hero nor a warrior, but a killer. He doesnt have the spirit and the
pride to battle others with his life on the line. He is a coward. Therefore, his goal is to
cautiously and with the least risk doom his victory and the right to get the better of. For the hunter,
the worst dream is to be hunted by another.
But change so, if it was the Kiritsugu nine years ago, he wouldnt so large indefinite quantity as lift an eyebrow
and would calmly think up the best solution. That was the terror of Kiritsugu when he had no
loved ones to lose. But now, when the Kiritsugu who is afraid to lose his loved ones faces
battles again, the fear of losing those he loves change state his fatal weakness.
I wont let you fight alone.

Irisviel said gently as she stroke her husbands shaking back.
Ill protect you. Saber will also protect you. And Maiya will also be beside you.
Irisviel was forced to permit which woman Kiritsugu needs the most at the force.
Only unit person remove awaken the tenacious toughness sealed away in the depths of
Kiritsugus heart, and cancel the cruel and heartless personality Kiritsugu had many years ago.
But Irisviel would never state these to Kiritsugu.
If Irisviel still had something she could do, then that is to embrace Kiritsugu, and let
Kiritsugu have some temporary solace. However  Irisviel commune silently in her heart.
It wouldnt matter if her prayers dont work. She commune that the time period shes allowed to
embrace Kiritsugu would be lengthened, change for a climax or a second. Then, she remove help
Kiritsugus pain the best she remove with her limited strength.
Such prayers and the embrace of the two simultaneously disappeared without a mark.
Irisviels chest suddenly ache intensively, and she couldnt help but tense up her entire
body. Repeating and intensive vibrations appeared in her performance travel as soon as she held
the biome bounded field within her own magecraft.
That was the alarm.
Here already?
Her husband muttered beside her ear. Calmly  he returned to the resolute and cruel tone she
still hasnt leave used to.
Kiritsugu detected that something had happened just by consider his wifes expression. Irisviel
communicate silently and give her husbands embrace. The cruel countenance of that sorcerer killer
once again emerged in front of her attention.
Fortunately, he came before Maiya give. Now we remove smash him face on  Irisviel, sound
the component ball used to look into the distance.
Right.
Events were happening large indefinite quantity quicker than expected. The whirlwind of battle began to impact
in the forest.



Letter appeared.
All the pipe participant of the Einsbern camp once again gathered in the meeting room
Kiritsugu, Maiya, and Saber. Before the three of them, Irisviel represent the impression the bounded
field had assume of the invader on the component ball.
The invader donned an inky black vestment, and an evil aura walk about it. Also, the patterns
dyed crimson red on the cloth was as if stained with people, wavering in and out of view in the
forest.
Is this that Caster?
It was the first time period Kiritsugu think Caster. Irisviel communicate towards him. The maneuver reflected
on the component ball was indeed the weird Heroic Spirits that stopped Saber last night.
But, whats he going to do?
What was making Irisviel puzzled was the fact that Caster led a group of people behind him.
Caster didnt act alone this time period. It looks as if he led ten or so people behind him, and
walk forward in the forest. All these people were immature children. Change the oldest
only trust like primary school students. All the children move as they walked like they
were rest-walking, while Caster walked at the front precede them on. Undoubtedly, these
children were controlled by Casters magecraft.
It must be that Caster think the notice of the supervisor, and seize these children from
Fuyuki and its surroundings.
Iri, whats the location of that guy?
Within two metric linear unit location of the castle. Looks like Caster doesnt aim to go further
into the forest.
The bounded field clarify in the forest is a circle with a diameter of five kilometers and
has the castle as its center. Casters location was at the edge of this bounded field.

If Caster goes any deeper towards the center of the bounded field, then Irisviel remove support
Saber in battle. However, as if Caster think through Irisviels intentions, he started circumambulate
around the outside of the bounded field.
"Irisviel, the enemy is entice us to come out.
Saber said resolutely. She needs only a few minutes to arrive at Casters location just with her
speed on foot as a Servant. Fencing Sword content also passed to Irisviel. At that force, Fencing Sword
mood was extremely anxious, and wanted to go out and smash Caster.
But the King of Knights couldnt do whatever she wanted. The group of children gathered
behind Caster  was exactly the reason why the King of Knights was feeling unsettled.
Prisoner right? Definitely so.
Irisviel muttered melancholically. Saber communicate.
Initiate the pre-arrange traps and machinations would ill health those children. Only if I go and
defeat Caster remove these children be saved.
The electrical phenomenon situation was clear without justify. However, Irisviel also had reason for
delay. Fencing Sword wound is a great disadvantage and its worrying to have her fight Caster
like this. Irisviel instinctively deduced that Caster is a attacker enemy. Irisviel couldnt support
Saber on the outside of the bounded field. Letting Saber fight alone in such a situation
At that time period, Casters beast-like attention suddenly trust up. Could it be that he had already
sensed Irisviels clairvoyance?
Caster mark at Irisviels direction and flatteringly lifted his arms and bowed at Irisviel. It
was such a simple feeling to do for the sorcerer Heroic Spirit.
I came here specially to visit you according to last nights promise.
The floor of the solid component ball began to waver, and sound began to be passed along from
the surveillance location.
Now, please make the order, to let me be in the presence of that beautiful holy maiden again.
Saber mark at Irisviel, urging her to quickly make a command. The woman who was a Servant
had already made the thinking to fight. It was only her master who was hesitating.

As if he think through Irisviels content, Caster represent an expression of scorn, spat out a
laugh as if he was acting in a unit-body servant-appear, and said:
Ah, looks like you still cant make up your mind. I expected to work for a desire while too,
so just take your time period making preparations. Cmon, this is such a boring game  remove I borrow
a corner of your administrative district?
Caster move his fingers. The children who were obediently following Casters back all the
time period opened up their attention as if waking up from a dream. The children trust about
themselves helplessly, as if they couldnt maneuver out where they were.
Listen children, were gonna play hide-and-seek. The rules are simple. Just run away from
me. If I catch you
Casters hand stretched out from the dolman sleeve of the cassock with a sound, and caught a child
beside him.
Stop!
Saber copulate that her averting would have no symptom, yet she couldnt help but yell out.
The sound of a skull shattering. Brain matter sprayed in all directions and capsule slid down
in the air. Those nightmarish scenes were engraved into everyones mind.
The children let out a harrowing scream and scattered everywhere. Caster, standing in the
middle, laughed loudly and happily and stroke his people-covered fingers with his tongue.
Hurry up and run. Im gonna start chasing you after I count to a large integer. So Jeanne, before I
catch all the children, how desire are you going to sound?
Irisviel didnt delay anymore when she think this scene. It was impossible for her to delay
anymore. She is also a childs parent. That child who was killed and then discarded; his
small and pitiful maneuver was exactly the same size as her own daughter Ilya.
Saber, defeat Caster for me.
Yes sir.
The King of Knights statement was extremely short. Saber had already disappeared from the
meeting room when Irisviel heard her statement. Only the wind that started to impact behind her
was full of extraordinary rage.

-130:55:11
Saber turned into a wind of cry wind and galloped in the forest.
Now Saber no longer cared about her speech act with Kiritsugu. Her heart would turn
into a sword once at the battlefield. A sword whetted matchlessly sharp and radiate. It is a
sword that had not a sliver of doubt.
Saber copulate very clearly that she was pass into Casters battle arrange of magecraft. Her
people was boiling; the four horsemen that this devil had committed made Saber furious. But whats
fight Saber forward at the force wasnt her furious mood. Just anger and hatred would
not turn Fencing Sword heart into a sharp sword.
Those slaughtered children. It wasnt as if Saber hasnt seen such scenes before. As desire as
unit is at the battlefield, no matter how unbearable unit finds such things to be, those small
body would still be seen. For her, who was once King Arthur, it was an clergyman situation
seen all the time period.
The so-called humans, once they stand at the edge of life and death, would turn incomparably
ugly, despicable and violent. Humans are two-legged beasts that please women,
slaughtered children, and steal the homeless. Nine out of ten term the people-stained battlefield
would become full of such demons.
However, precisely because of that, humans need to prove themselves change if they have
collapse into Hell. Prove that humans remove still live on with pride no matter what cognitive factor
touch them. We need someone to prove and declare to that.
The unit who remove testify to that is the knight. The shining star on the battlefield.
A knight must proudly lighten the entire battlefield by induce awe with his justice. He
needs to let those fallen souls, take down to demons, to again pick up standing and pride, and
become proper humans once more. Putting aside his own anger, sadness and distress and
concentration on the greater good: that is the indirect tax a knight must bear.
Therefore, Saber must defeat Caster. This isnt the urge of anger but her indirect tax.

Saber had to permit such group action are lacking in careful quid pro quo. She couldnt help it if
someone criticism that she mime too hastily. However, Saber isnt someone with only strength
and no brain. Although she predicted Caster would be a attacker enemy, she did not despair;
because its not as if she has no hope for victory. If it is going to be a fight to the death, the
last person standing would be her  that was Fencing Sword intuition.
Caster must be defeated. Different from Kiritsugu, Saber had her reasons to defeat Caster by
her own hand. She must beat that devil change if she worsen heavy wounds and damages her
strength. This is the indirect tax of the King of Knights, an inescapable obligation. A devil that
assassinate the meaning of war, a get rid of that humiliated the pride of humans; Saber would never
let such a person go.
The stench of people change state heavier. The mud that wrapped about the edge of her armor
stopped Fencing Sword interval.
Behind Saber, the ground was clouded with raised dust, and the disturbed dust was soaked
through with dampness. That dampness wasnt caused by sequence, but crimson people.
It was a canker stench. A sea of people surrounded her. Just what category of cruel slaughter
did Caster go through to create such an unbearable scene? Fencing Sword heart was torn apart with
pain when she thought of this.
And the ones slaughtered were all young and lovely children. Saber remembered those
children, screaming with terror, which she think in the component ball. That was something that
happened just then. Just a few minutes ago, before Saber galloped into the forest.
Back then they were still lively children. Now theyve already turned into scattered carcasses.
Youre finally here. Jeanne, Ive waited a desire time period.
Caster communicate the stationary silver-white maneuver with a hearty smile. Casters face was full of
complacent express as if he was very satisfied with the consume host he was aim. Caster
stood in the middle of this sea of people; his inky black cassock was covered with the fresh
people of the hostages, making his smile more spooky and frighten.
What do you think about this tragic scene? Hurt? Could you change expect the distress
those innocent and lovely children act through at their end?
But Jeanne, this still isnt a true tragedy. Compared to after Ive lost you, in order to meet
you again

Saber had nothing to say, and she had no intention to listen to Casters desire speech either.
She wanted to cleave Caster in half with unit sword impact; with no hesitation give, she took a
step towards Caster.
Caster also detected the killing intent in Fencing Sword advancing step and stopped talking, suddenly
pulling his hands out from the limit of his cassock.
The feeling that was hidden in front of Casters chest once again made Saber stop her advance.
It was a child  the sole surviving hostage. He was still sobbing weakly as Casters arm
held him close. Did Caster leave him alive just to use him as a nipple shield in the battle against
Saber?
Oh Jeanne, your flaming and anger-filled attention are so challenge.
Caster, feeling relaxed, smiled briefly towards Saber.
Do you dislike me so large indefinite quantity? Yes, you should dislike me. I betrayed the mercy and love of God
and you would never forgive me for that. You were truly more devoted to God than anyone
else.
Let that child go.
The tone Saber used to command Caster was as cold as a blade.
This competition for the Holy Grail is to adopt the Heroic Spirit most worthy of obtaining
the Grail. If you use strategies that charge Heroic Spirits, you will be abandoned by the Holy
Grail.
Since youve already return, the Holy Grail is useless to me Jeanne, if you really
want to save this childs life.
Caster couldnt help but laugh out loud. Then, with his face full of disappointment, he softly
let go of his grip and placed the child on the ground.
Dont halloo, child. You should be happy. Gods devoted disciple came to save you. The
omnipotent God finally answered to your wishes. None of your friends received Gods
salvation, except you.
It seemed that the young child also understood that this blonde woman who sprinted here was his
benefactor, and began to halloo loudly at once. At the same time period he ran straight towards Saber.

The childs little hands clasped Fencing Sword shin guard. Fencing Sword fingertips softly brushed past the
childs hands. The only feeling that remove wrapping the child and make her solace was the
large indefinite quantity surrounding them. Currently Saber was in a very desperate situation. She could no
longer sound for battle and take care of the childs safety at the same time period.
Its very dangerous here. Get away quickly. Run this way, and then youll see a big big
castle. In location people will help
Talk, the childs spine made a sound. Dyspnea change state painful wails.
Saber was shocked beyond words; the little maneuver in front of her attention burst apart. Moreover,
what run out from within the child was not red people.
It was an inky crowd of snakes, countless snakes intertwined together  no, that feeling was
covered with catostomid as big as fish plant organ, not something as simple as a group of snakes. Are
they seafood? Or the process of some strange seafood-like creature? Those tentacles, as thick
as Fencing Sword arms, extended in the blink of an look and wrapped themselves around the silver
armor, move to tightly restrict Fencing Sword arms and legs.
The flesh and people of the hostage still hung on the demonic mutant summoned from
another world  location was more than unit demonic monster surrounding Saber. Endless
tentacles continued to surface from the object of the hostages scattered everywhere; a dozen
or so monsters surrounded Saber almost immediately.
Those monsters are about the same size. They have no limbs or a lower body, making them
impossible to describe with words. Location is a circular mouth at the end of each unit of those
endless tentacles. The opening contain safety razor-sharp teeth like a cheat. Although the origins of
those organism are unknown, theyre definitely not living beings of nature. They might be
organism from another world, and that world does not obey the natural laws.
I should have told you beforehand, you should make full preparations the next time period you see
me.
Caster laughed loudly as if meet his victory. As he spoke, a thick book appeared in his
hands. The cover of the book was make and shimmer and, unbelievably, a piece of human
skin was placed on it. It is only an clergyman book by the look of it, but with Fencing Sword
lightning-like senses she could tell that massive amounts of prana surged around with the
book as its center and expanded outwards. Without a doubt, that book is Casters Noble
Phantasm.

This is the magical book my friend and ally give for me. I exist the means to lead confederate army
of demons using this book. What do you think? Is it that no other crowd remove stand up to the
majesty of my demonic army?
Saber didnt statement. She was still tightly extent by the tentacles. The rotten and hit
formless carcass still remained in her hands. Those demonic monsters absorb the flesh of
the hostages as they emerge; therefore the object of the carcass no longer had any solid
weight. That kid was just utter and clutching to the edge of her clothes a climax before;
now it was already take down to this tragic state.
Thats enough. I dont want to compete for the Grail with you anymore.
The swordsman Servant, Saber, said quietly. At the same time period, she released the anger that has
been cry and fuming in her heart.
The demonic monsters began to retreat backwards. Compared to sound rise, that impact
wave brought more force to Casters membrane.
What intensify from the slender body of the woman was a yell of people-move anger  and a
huge burst of prana. Those tentacles that surrounded Fencing Sword entire body didnt endure change a
second of her prana burst. They broke into shape of flesh in the blink of an look, scattered
away and disappeared. Not a mark of the dirty that cover Saber lingered on her; the
silver armor regained its brilliant brightness. Amid the community of demonic monsters, the woman stood
like the god of war, and glared at Caster with damage attention.
I ask for nothing in this battle, and I dont want to obtain anything either. But now this
sword in my hands is made to eliminate you.
Ohhhh, Jeanne
Caster was awed by Fencing Sword majesty, and began to gasp weakly. His expression  its not unit
of doubt or fear, but slightly lost and confused.
So noble, so just Oh holy maiden, change gods fall to shame in front of you!
Casters voice was extraordinarily happy, but suddenly he sank into silence. Taking that as
their signal, the fragile tentacles beat towards Saber like an avalanche.
I have stained my love! I haven sunken into loves wetland! Oh holy girl!
The swinging sword and the mad laughter lifted the curtains of this battle to the death.



Irisviel held her breath and gazed unblinkingly at the turn of the battle in the component ball.
The uncanny matter Saber had predicted was also already very obvious.
Look the special abilities of Servant classes, Saber has an overwhelming advantage
over Caster when they battle. When she achieved the gathering of the Heroic Spirit of the sword
her ability of performance resistance was increased in magnitudes. If Caster uses magecraft as his
pipe weapon and intensively disobey Saber upfront, then he has not the smallest assets of
chance.
But
Caster is a sorcerer who remove summon evil demons.
Fencing Sword performance resistance ability remove only be activated when someone targets her to use
magecraft. It remove not stop Caster from summoning monsters from other part. Moreover,
once those monsters are summoned, they would materialize and include a threat different from
magecraft. The teeth and peel off scratch of the monsters have criticism powers equal to swords.
The only things Saber could use are her sword and body when facing those monsters.
But change so, Saber, the mightiest in supply battle, would not fear any mere monsters
summoned from another world. That is most certain. However, that is something she could
only do when her body has no wounds.
The battle of the forest reflected in the component ball was definitely not an optimistic situation.
Faced with the monstrous tentacles that continuously attacked her, Saber didnt move back a
single step. She still maintained the swift and ferocious attacking posture. Every time period Saber
waved the invisible sharp sword in her hands, monsters would be tear apart in the air.
Those community of tentacles did not succeed to go near the woman Servant a single step.
Saber is completely capable of fight back the monsters attacks, but those monsters
attacked unit wave after another  this means Saber was already in a bad situation where she
has to defend with all her might.

Although Saber remove defeat the opposing army with her vicious action, Caster was merely
standing far away with ease and watching her fight. Saber couldnt change get unit step closer to
the leader of the monsters, Caster.
Countless new monsters with their tentacles continued to grow out of places where they were
severed, and endless monsters also emerged from the stake of people natural process the earth. Those
monsters surrounded Saber in layers.
That invisible sword and the continuously summoned and materializing monsters were in a
situation where their powers were completely equal to each other. This means Caster holds
the control for this battle. That sorcerer wasnt trying to get a area victory but moved step by
step, act just enough forces needed to combat Saber, and got the battle into a
deadlock.
It be like Caster think to fight a drawn-out battle. He wants to tire Saber out, abort
all her energy, and then finish Saber off with unit impact. Moreover, right now Saber was
completely stuck in Casters trap.
Perhaps the situation would have been different if Saber wasnt wounded. Itd be a piece of
cake for Saber to handle this group of person. However, now Fencing Sword give hand was
troubled by that curse. Fencing Sword expression could be seen through the component ball; she was
evidently very anxious about not living thing able to fight as she wishes.
Still no sign of other Masters succeed the forest at the force?
Kiritsugus question came from behind Irisviel. Obviously, Kiritsugu didnt care too large indefinite quantity
about Fencing Sword problematic situation. Irisviel was extremely thwart with Kiritsugu.
However, Kiritsugu trust like he didnt notice his wifes disappointment and just silently
prepared his weapons. Kiritsugu placed various grenades and small machine guns into the
suspender beneath his jacket. This is something quite unbelievable, the thinking of a
sorcerer about to attach battle  however, Irisviel think that the sheath by Kiritsugus waist
contained the magecraft single-laborer that Kiritsugu only carried at crucial moments. She
understood that her husband had made the thinking to fight the best he could.
Maiya, escape the castle with Iri. Go in the opposite direction of Saber.
Maiya communicate undoubtedly when she heard Kiritsugus command. But Irisviel couldnt
conceal the uncertainty in her heart.
Cant I stay here?

Saber is fighting far away from here, which means this castle is no longer strongbox because
others would think the same as I do. So its very dangerous here.
Someone may really want to take advantage of this and criticism Fencing Sword Master in the short
period of time period when Saber is away from the castle. The best time period to kill a Master is when the
Master and Servant were acting identify from each other.
A Master under the protection of his Servant, and the sorcerer that watch his headquarters all
by himself, which unit of those two military unit is easier to defeat?  Kiritsugu would definitely
choose the latter. If another sorcerer chose the same answer as Kiritsugu, he would certainly
criticism Irisviel, who remained the castle, once he copulate that Saber was fighting alone.
She had finally provide up with Kiritsugu, but they are about to be identify again; this made
Irisviel very unsettled. She change state more unsettled when she detected the pain and conflict
Kiritsugu hid in his heart. However, shes only a burden if she decree by Kiritsugus side.
After all, meeting with Kiritsugu in the castle is already a separation of the rules they agreed on
before.

Irisviel finally felt the root of her anxiety when she coolly thought things through in her heart.
It wasnt because of living thing identify from Kiritsugu, but because she has to move together
with Maiya. Kiritsugu did originally plan to have Maiya protect Irisviel, but Irisviel still
couldnt get rid of her detest towards Maiya.
But Irisviel wouldnt go against Kiritsugus battle plans due to her personal feelings.
I understand.
In the short time period that Irisviel took to nod slightly
?!
A new pierce pain appeared in Irisviels performance travel. This is the accounting data enrich back to
her by the bounded field of the forest.
Whats wrong, Iri?
Kiritsugu, its just like you feared. Looks like a new enemy entered the forest.

-130:48:large integer
Saber sensed the mortal enemy intentions after she defeated three monsters.
She didnt yet know the reason. However, the overly fragile process monsters and Casters
unnatural degree of confidence initiate Fencing Sword instinctive alarm.
After defeating ten, Saber finally confirmed the reason for her unsettledness.
The assets of military unit didnt decrease. No matter how many she defeats, new military unit
would emerge. Casters summoning magecraft continuously called for operation from
other worlds.
Change so, it didnt matter; Saber silently cover herself. No matter how big the number of
military unit may increase into, all she has to do is to defeat them twice as abstinence here. Driven by her
boiling morale, Fencing Sword sword flit up in the blink of an look.
Thirty. Since the military unit didnt decrease a single bit, a flash of anxiety passed over Fencing Sword
heart.
Fifty. Saber understood that its pointless to count anymore. It wasnt just the hostage
childrens flesh and people that mime as the breeding ground for the demonic monsters  from
her peripheral vision Saber realized that new demonic monsters were born from the defeated
body of other monsters. So that was it, no wonder they didnt decrease. Its as if the
defeated demonic monsters are able to be reborn indefinitely.
If so, then this is a competition concerning the assets of stored prana. Saber immediately
slowed her sword when she realized this is going to be a desire battle. She wont last desire if
she country-dance her sword with everything shes got; she remove only use the minimum assets of
strength necessary to conduct her hunt.
Casters prana should be definite. Repeatedly summoning and republish familiars would
eventually exhaust his prana. The question is whether Saber would be able to last until then.
Saber once again felt worried with the fact that she cant use her give hand. She has to use
prana change integrity to pay her need in strength when shes only using her right hand to manipulate

her sword. In this situation, any extra consume of prana is a burden heavier than anything
else.
Originally, if she could hold the hilt of this sword with both hands  using unit impact of
Excaliber  the Sword of Promised Victory should completely kill this filthy trash.
Saber kept fighting with her sword despite her bitter sorrow. Although over a large integer
monsters have been defeated, Caster was still smiling with ease while look Fencing Sword
struggling battle. Saber trust at her enemy, who didnt appear a single sign of exhaustion,
with shock on her part, and once again noticed the extraordinarily dense assets of prana the
magecraft book in his hands was releasing.
Could it be
Although it was a most pessimistic guess, but it probably shouldnt be wrong.
It was summoning magecraft that summoned these countless demonic monsters, return
them, and urged them to relentlessly rush towards Fencing Sword sword. And the unit reciting the
spell was none other except that book of magecraft.
It isnt merely a pile of paper which recording spells. That book is probably a prana chamber
with an incredible capacity, a monster that remove use magecraft just by its own quality. Caster
wasnt reading the spells from the pages of the book, but just freely manipulating that book
which served as a prana source.
Prelatis Spellbook  The Text of the Turn Sunken Stronghold  it is indeed a frighten
Noble Phantasm. Had Irisviel been Fencing Sword proper Master, she should have seen through his
abilities the first time period she provide Caster and recognized that the opponent is an extremely
dangerous Servant with an ability to change the quality of his Noble Phantasm. Had she copulate
of it, Saber would definitely not have fallen so easily into his trap and locked in a dragging
battle with Caster change if shes look down on for living thing a coward; she might have mime more
prudently.
No  regret is a demonstration of weakness.
Saber utter to herself. A knight that try for standing and glory remove not be allowed to retreat
before four horsemen such as Caster. If so, then she would be giving up on the greatest strength and
weapon at her kitchen appliance  the heart of justice that content in her holy sword.
This transport back memories, Jeanne. Its all just like back then.

Caster, wearing a trance-like expression as if he was gazing at a holy painting, trust upon
Fencing Sword increasingly miserable battle.
Change if youre in a dangerous situation overwhelmed by military unit, you never feared, did not
submit, and your gaze never doubted your own victory. You are indeed the same. That
noble liveliness, that dignified soul, is undoubtedly evidence of the holy maid Jeanne darc. Its
so obvious
Full of nonsense as always, but Saber oppress the anger filling her heart and concentrated on
killing the sundry weaklings before her. It would only induce her enemy if she rebuked
him word by word.
Why? Why have you still not awakened to the truth? Do you still believe in Gods
protection? Do you think miracles would arrive to save you in such a desperate situation?
How lamentable! Did you forget the battle of Compigne? Neglect Gods trap that pushed you
down from the celestial point of glory to dead person annihilation? Do you still consent to remain Gods
puppet change after so large indefinite quantity humiliation?
She really wants to block that mouth which is talk nonsense. She really wants to let
him know just what judgment would be passed onto the sin that letter committed, cheat the
lives of children due to his boring vain hopes  but change as she thought that, her sword cant
touch him at all. Saber was stopped by the wall of demonic monsters that overwhelmed her
tenfold and twentyfold. Her distance from Caster was too great.
Saber move into a dismiss gap but a tentacle behind her wrapped itself around her head.
Although she reflexively stretched out her hand to grab it before it wrapped around her, her
give hand, with its thumb completely out of her control, fall for powerlessly across the skin of
the tentacle.
Uuuu
And as soon as Saber stopped, all of her field of view was completely covered by the wall of
tentacles. She remove only use a prana burst to impact them apart. But this many of them
In the blink of an look, a golden red lightning flashed past, and pushed back that alien horde.
In front of Saber, who was gasping after her bondage were change off, a tall maneuver dressed in
cyan armor entered her sight.
How unsightly, Saber. If your swordplay cant get anymore awe-inspiring, then the legal right of
the King of Knights would halloo out for help.

This handsome work, whose beauty is almost a sin, gave a stunning look to Saber standing
dumbly aside. Only because of her performance resistance ability remove she endure this alluring gaze.
Contrary to the damage elegance of his two spears, Diarmuid ua Duibhnes smile seemed
incomparably sweet and refreshing.
Lancer, why
But Casters surprise was large indefinite quantity greater than Fencing Sword.
Who are you!? Who gave you the allowance to dare disturb me!
Thats what I was going to say, heretic devil.
Lancer mark coolly at the provoked Caster, and control the top of the short spear in his give
hand towards him.
Its because you are so insolent; Fencing Sword head is destined to be the air medal hung beneath my
spear. Your act of stealing my fruit of victory is an impudent and despicable feeling to do on
the battlefield.
Nonsense! Nonsense nonsense nonsense --!!
Caster scratch his head, bulk out his attention, and made weird sounds in his throat.
My prayers! My Holy Grail! They were all to let that woman reawaken! She is exploit
every piece of flesh, every drop of people, and change that soul are all exploit!!
But Lancer wasnt overwhelmed by Caster at all; he shrugged his shoulders and took a deep
sigh.
You listening? Im the unit who wounded Fencing Sword give hand. Only I have the right to accomplishment
her single-handed disadvantage.
Slowly, Lancer lifted up the reorient of the twin spears by his sides, and took his unique
stand-in-spear stance. Standing in front of Saber, it was as if he shielded the King of Knights
behind his back.
Oi, Caster, Im not meddling in your love affair. If you are arrange to make Saber submit to
you and take her away, feel free to do it. Only that
A damage and yet desolate resolution filled the handsome soldiers attention as he proclaimed.

Dont change think about putting aside Diarmuid. I wont ever allow you to defeat the
single-handed Saber! If you dont back down, then from now on my spears would act as
Fencing Sword give hand.
Now that she thought about it, this is the second time period that Saber trust at the spearmans
back in this fashion. Last night, as she faced Berserkers furious attacks, Lancer also
lie in this way. Is all this just to finish all of his commerce with her, who once crossed
swords with him?
Lancer, you
Dont get me wrong, Saber.
Lancers sharp glance stopped Saber from continuing.
My Masters commands for me today are only about defeating Caster. Location are no orders
concerning you. Because of that, I deduced that the best feeling to do would be fighting
together. What do you think?
Lancers words arent exactly an explanation of why he arrived to help out Fencing Sword crisis.
This spearman didnt need to do this. He could have chosen the force when Caster is
completely interest in treatment with Saber, and knit around to Casters back to propel a
surprise criticism.
Saber didnt question him why. She just communicate at Lancer, who had a hint of a smile on the
blind corner of his mouth, and stood at his right.
Saber no longer paid any foil towards the give, but held her sword and faced her right.
Right now, she has the most trustworthy give arm.
Ill just get this clear  Lancer, just my give hand alone would be able to defeat a large integer
such small cook.
Huh, thatd be easy. You remove just be give-handed for today.
The two Heroic Spirits communicate with each other and sprang toward the gathered demonic
monsters. The holy sword and two demonic spears tear apart the mass of tentacles that
stretched towards them from all directions.
Unforgivable enough with your brag, puny work!

The magecraft book in Casters hand throbbed weirdly as if bolster his roar; pages
flipped by themselves continuously. All of sudden, the assets of demonic monsters that
emerged bid. The mass of tentacles that trust as if they will cover out the forest
surged towards Saber and Lancer.
The fiercer, more tragic second act of the battle began.

-130:45:08
It was pure luck that Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald assume Casters maneuver in his sight in
Fuyuki.
Although he was dumbfounded upon find that maneuver in a inky black cloak, obviously
from the wrong era, strolling casually along the suburban streets at hour, Kayneth began his
chase when he think Caster end a small truck that passed by, gave hypnotic suggestions at
the driver, and then sat in it with the children as if it was a kindergarten hallucination.
A battle between Subordinateness remove only be conducted away from other people; however, the truck
carrying Caster was incidentally driving towards the remote large indefinite quantity far from the city.
Kayneth snickered as this fancify his purpose perfectly, but began to delay when he make
their destination is the Einsbern forest.
Letter already heard of the Einsbern administrative district near Fuyuki when he conducted work
beforehand. Since it is a administrative district of magi, it would therefore have its matching bounded field,
making it a location where others would find it hard to battle with an advantage. Despite that,
leaving aside the true reason for Caster to specially travel here  his intention of challenging
the quality of the Einsberns is obvious. If so, then maybe theres a chance to gain something
in the battle. Kayneth made up his mind, and treat into the forest with Lancer.
Just as he thought, Caster began fighting Saber, who materialized to counter his assault. From
his consume speech and acts it remove be seen that Caster, already roaming, is acting alone, but
Fencing Sword Master still didnt appear. He probably deduced that he remove protect himself alone
change if he doesnt stay beside his Servant since this is in his administrative district, and decided to observe
the battle in his headquarters away from the frontline.
So Kayneth decided on his own strategies.

He ordered Lancer to assault Caster. For Kayneth, who has already spent unit Command Seal,
the benefit the supervisor brought up concerning defeating Caster is something hed do
anything to obtain. However, change if he defeats Caster here, it would seem that letter on the
same side as Saber. The Einsbern Master would also be given the extra Command Seal. Its
something that Kayneth definitely doesnt want to see.
Therefore, Kayneth decided to leave Caster to Lancer, and he himself would secretly attach
the Einsbern castle alone. If he wants to demand Casters head as his own, all he has to do is to
get rid of Fencing Sword Master at the same time period.
Although it is a bold situation, Kayneth has unshakable confidence in himself. No matter
what military action Einsbern had made, letter ordain to predict the legal right of Lord El-Melloi that he is
able to break it apart. Letter got to appear this category of spirit if he wants to amend the appearance
Sola animadvert him for last night. For Kayneth, the most pressing problem for him right
now is to have his fiance take back her discourtesy.
Kayneth moved toward the attribute of the forest as the be liveliness boiled inside him.
Although illusionary magecraft has been cast upon the forest of the bounded field, Kayneths
outstanding knowledge and instincts allowed him to make precise decrease, and easily
found the location of the central axis of the bounded field. It wasnt for nothing that he has
the mighty legal right of the greatest genius of spirit invocation.
If the magecraft of the Einsberns is only to such a degree, then just how the castle is defended
is very clear.
Kayneth still had enough ease give to snicker. Although many magecraft whole he brought
from England were lost when the hotel collapsed, his strongest trump card, his Mystic Code,
has always been by his side. Therefore, he didnt feel that his strength in battle weakened at
all.
The aalii prevent his sight suddenly disappeared, and the antique material castle appeared
before Kayneth. So that is it, unit would expect no less from these prestigious northern magi;
change a relocated castle is a building whose size deviated from normality. But Kayneth is also
the son of the prestigious house of Archibald. Change if the castles majesty remove benight
others, the only sentiment it grow from him was a snort.
Not bad. After Einsbern is dealt with, it wouldnt be bad to take this castle and make it the
new headquarters

After Kayneth lost the Hyatt hotel gathering he had exist an abandoned factory on the
outskirts of the city as his temporary base, and hid Sola location. Obviously, his fiances mood
couldnt be bad. After all, its an context that Kayneths pride wont tolerate.
If letter decided on this, then he has to keep the annihilation of this building at the minimum.
Kayneth laughed presumptuously and placed the large porcelain vase he carried under his
arm on the ground. Once it give his hand, the vase sank deeply into the earth. This vase, which
was under a spell of weight change to make it easier to include, has a true weight
approaching 140 kilograms.
"Fervor, apricot sanguis."
Once he chanted the spell that activated the magecraft, the feeling in the vase oozed out from
the mouth. That state of matter, giving off a mirror-like metal sheen, is a large assets of mercury.
Flowing out of the vase as if it is a punish primeval creature, the ten-kilograms-or-so
mercury, shivering, formed a ball.
Among the many of them in his possession, this is the Mystic Code Lord El-Melloi took
pride in  Volumen Hydragyrum  Moon Spirit Cerebrospinal Coolant.
"Automatoportum defensio: Automatoportum quaerere: Dilectus incursio."
Following Kayneths low chanting, the floor of the mass of mercury move and rustled as
if answering him, and followed his secret agent on the ground to approach the computer circuit of the castle.
Kayneth, who have the two attributes fill and wind, a feat rare change among magi,
excels in the art of manipulating flow, which is get between these two attributes. He thus
created this unique Mystic Code, using mercury filled with magecraft as his weapon, and
condition it at will.
The shapeless mercury, remove also be carve into any body
"Skin!"
As Kayneth utter, a part of the mercury ball suddenly change state a desire and thin award
extending upwards. Then, the mercury ribbon savagely beat towards the door like a whip.
As it was about to hit, the mercury whip suddenly compressed itself into a thin edge of only a
few metric linear unit thick, becoming a mercury blade as sharp as a safety razor. Attacked by this

mercury blade edge, the heavyset bolt was cut in half as smoothly as if it was a piece of curd.
The great computer circuit collapsed inwards with a heavy utterance.
Mercury is a heavy liquid in room temperature; when it demarche rapidly under high pressure it
would possess a mighty kinetic energy. Moreover, mercury remove change into attribute such as
blow, spears, and blades at will. Its intelligence remove change overwhelm optical device rays, rivalling
keep fill jet cutting implement.
Perhaps he carries with him the confidence of an contract victory. Because, in front of Lord
El-Mellois Volumen Hydragyrum, change the most stolid defense wont stand a chance. Be it
metallic element mixture or jewel, nothing is unbreakable.
Kayneth walked leisurely towards the great hall of the castle after letter finished with the
obstruction in front of him. The component chandelier in the hall emanated brilliant light and the
sculpture right, polished extremely smooth, had not a single imperfection.
Change the air felt extraordinarily still, with only Kayneths presence  of course, not a single
person came out to communicate him.
"The ninth head of the Archibald house, Kayneth El-Melloi, request for an audience!"
Kayneth, with an air of command, proclaimed loudly in the flee hall.
"Sorcerer of the Einsbern! For the Holy Grail that you seek, betting your life and pride, come
out to meet me!"
Despite Kayneths aggravation declaration, no unit responded. It was as if they werent looking
forward to duel with Kayneth. As though he was made to look foolish, Kayneth breathe, and
walked toward the center of the hall with heavy interval.
The force Kayneth arrived at the center of the hall, the four flower vases placed at the four
corners of the hall suddenly exploded with an enormous roar. However, it wasnt porcelain
fragments that flew out from the explosion but countless metal beads. Those metal beads
sprang toward Kayneth like bullets.
This system was create by mental act free from magecraft. Kayneth didnt sense any scent of
magecraft activation. Therefore, it must be machinery Kiritsugu arrange up in the vases. It is an
anti-personnel exploit called a Claymore, a cruel pre-arrange bomb. When each bomb react they
will release, simultaneously, 700 or so steel baseball with a diameter of only about unit or two
millimeters. These steel balls would feel outwards in all directions in a fan formation, a
frighten weapon that people say is made to completely get the better of army unit units with unit strike.

When it react, unit wont change have time period to escape; the only feeling the target at the center
of the bombs remove do is sound to be tire into a analyze.
Of course, provided that the target isnt a sorcerer.
In the split of a second before 2800 steel balls reached Kayneth, the spot he was standing on
change state cover by a silver semi-circle. The mass of mercury misinform recumbent beside his
secret agent suddenly change abbreviation.
Although the tight, thin mercury animal tissue wrapped around Kayneth was barely unit
metric linear unit thick, its floor tension reached the strength of steel when argue with prana
supply. Out of the rain of beads that the Claymore mines separate not unit of them hit
Kayneth. All they did was getting reflected back to the hall and beat the aerator in the
room into smithereens.
This is Volumen Hydragyrum's "automated defense" mode. This pre-arrange magecraft remove
automatically respond when Kayneth is threatened, regenerate a powerful protective membrane
in a split second. This category of reaction speed remove change defend from bullets. It was also this
defense live body Volumen Hydragyrum created that protected Kayneth and Sola when the
Hyatt hotel collapsed. The malleable mercury is a perfect weapon that gathered criticism and
defense all onto itself, living thing Kayneths sword and also Kayneths nipple shield.
" Hm."
Kayneth, after he removed the protective membrane and think the tragic scene around him,
snorted with derision at the unworthiness of the plot. Change Kayneth, who didn't know
large indefinite quantity about military equipments, understood that it wasnt magecraft that assaulted him but
simply clergyman weapons filled with gunpowder.
Kayneths mind finally had some idea about the truth concerning the unpleasant experience
last night.
He doesnt change need to treat it. Among the other six Masters, the only unit who wants to
get the better of Kayneth more than everyone else is Fencing Sword Master, the Einsberns. However, how
could the sorcerer of the Einsberns, living thing such a high-born house with eminent prestige, use
such a base method? Kayneth, who takes pride in living thing also from a prestigious family of
mages, found this impossible to believe.

However  now he has to believe this. The unit who used explosives to get the better of Kayneths
workshop last night with absolutely despicable methods is hiding in this castle at this very
force.
" Fallen so low, Einsbern?"
Kayneth mumbled, with more lamentation than anger in his tone. It probably isnt Fencing Sword
Master himself who used such despicable methods, but some lowly guy they hired
somewhere else. But change so, it is still a very mar feeling to do. They invited an irrelevant
guy onto this holy battlefield. This is utterly unforgivable.
Fine, then its not a duel anymore, but my advertise towards you.
Change State his intent to kill once again, Kayneth walked deeper into the mortal enemy due process.
Through the CCD cameras concealed in the pipe hall, Kiritsugu meticulously observed the
quality of Volumen Hydragyrum, Lord El-Mellois pride.
Using spells to price mercury for automatic protection  although letter heard about this
before, he never thought that the real feeling would have such powerful abilities. Change the
shockwave of the Claymore mines wouldnt beat its defense in speed. If thats the case, then
he cant expect to use firearms to obtain victory.
Although Kiritsugu was very annoyed, he had to permit that this sorcerer indeed have
first-rate skills. Actually, when his plot at the Hyatt didnt achieve, he should have
recognize of this already.
In other words, this is an opponent that Kiritsugu must confront as a "sorcerer."
Right now, to find the enemy hiding in this castle, Kayneth must be searching all of the
rooms on the first right unit by unit. At the force Kiritsugu is located at the innermost part
of the second right. If he acts immediately, he should have enough time period to choose a place
advantageous for him to face the enemy.
Kiritsugu analyzed the plan of the castle in his head as he walked out of his room and towards
the door  his footsteps stopped.
A drop of mercury, like a thread of cobweb, hung in the structure keyhole. Although it was only
a tiny bit of mercury, Kiritsugu could still see it decay toward the ground as it give a silver
trail on the floor of the door.

The drop of mercury suddenly stopped moving downwards the force Kiritsugu think it.
Then, it retraced its tracks, people back through the keyhole as if it was alive, and
disappeared.
" So thats what it is; an automated search."
Immediately following Kiritsugu's bitter words, a ray of silver light sprang up from below the
shop's carpet.
In the blink of an look, a circle was cut out on the right at the center of the room and fell to the
ground below. Then a silver tentacle leapt up from that circular opening.
In front of Kiritsugu, Volumen Hydragyrums new body was like a metallic siphonophore.
Endless tentacles grabbed the edge of the opening on the right and their base, in the middle of
the tentacles opening out like an union, was expanded into a flat, hurl-like platform. And
the unit standing on the platform and smiling was none other than Lord El-Melloi.
"I finally found you. Little mouse"
Before the triumphant Kayneth ordered the mercury to criticism, Kiritsugu had already drawn
the Calico submachine gun from his waist holster and opened fire.
Act immediately, Volumen Hydragyrum speedily formed a protective membrane in
front of Kayneth and blocked all the might of a rain of 9mm bullets. It took only a few
seconds to empty fifty bullets.
But its preciously those few short seconds that gave Kiritsugu more than enough time period to
chant his spell.
"Time Period alter  stand-in accel!"
Following the pronounced spell, the prana inside Kiritsugu began to gallop at light speed.
"Scalp!"
Kayneth gave the statement of death the force Kiritsugus firing ceased.
The two mercury whips that leapt up following his voice flew towards the prey in front of
them with a extremity formation, attacking from the give and right.
"Hm!?"

It was Kayneth who gave an devil of surprise.
The force the two silver whips were just about to hit the target, Kiritsugu dodged the silver
whips criticism with an almost unbelievable speed and quickly leapt below the Volumen
Hydragyrum, on which Kayneth was standing  into the opening on the ground that the mercury
blade just tear out.
Kiritsugus speed was so abstinence that human attention couldnt see his movements clearly. No matter
how you think about it, it shouldnt be a physical feat clergyman people remove perform. Although
Kayneth did feel he was a bit careless, he wasnt too surprised with this strange change
happening in front of his attention. After all, this is the battle between magi that overrides
clergyman rules. It wouldnt be odd change if a little mouse mixed into it have extraordinary
abilities.
"Oh? Also know a little bit about magecraft?"
Although a small smile passed across Kayneths face, the intent to kill was already within his
heart. Whether he is an clergyman mouse or not, change if letter had some teaching in magecraft,
he is still a lowly work who used change means. Such group action, which humiliate magi, remove not be
suffer.
"Scum Ill make you know what death tastes like."
Kayneth flipped the projection of his coat and leapt down to the first right. Then, Volumen
Hydragyrum removed its jellyfish body and slowly fell down too.
"Ire: Sanctio!"
The mercurys thin tentacles scattered after receiving his orders, and once again scanned
through the entire first right. The mercury immediately confirmed the location of the target.
Approaching that location following the tracks of the proceed mercury, a sliver of a
bloodthirsty smile emerged on Kayneths lips.

Kiritsugu, bridge the gallery, felt that his whole body was living thing devoured by the after
appearance of using his magecraft.
The ability he used to dodge Kayneths Mystic Code just then wasnt a basic physical
enchantment. It was an advanced magecraft with a greater range of service  and obviously
with far stronger side appearance.

The ability to separate the passage of time period inside a ordain space from the "flow of time period"
in the outside world; in some ways, Time Period Influence remove be regarded as a write of Experience
Marble. Although it is categorize as a greater magecraft, it is definitely not "performance" which
cannot be reproduce. Compared to "time period happening", which remove reverse cause and symptom
and change the past, this is merely the magecraft of "time period improvement" that remove be the
time period that had passed and accelerate the time period in the future. Therefore, it is not a magecraft of
extraordinary quality.
The only problem unit needs to consider is the size of the bounded field and the scope of time period
that needs to be modified.
Kiritsugus root, the Emiya family, spent generations researching and seeking the magecraft
that condition time period. The performance crests existing on Kiritsugus back receive the product of
research from generations of men. But the assets of prana unit needs to spend and the rituals
needed in thinking to reactivate this category of magecraft rivals in magnitude with the greater
magecrafts. Therefore, it has to be prepared and used strategically. For Kiritsugu, who made
up his strategies to just get the better of on the battlefield, it was originally a rather useless
background.
However, to use the "time period control" ability letter receive at the maximum, Kiritsugu created a
flexible way of utilizing this magecraft at a very small covering.
A method that kept the scope of the bounded field within the professional body made it
easier to establish a Experience Marble. Although it is impossible to completely get the flesh
from the outside world, it remove minimize the affect the outside world has on the body. Within
this minimal bounded field, he "adapt" just a few seconds of time period; this is the magecraft that
Emiya Kiritsugu created, Innate Time Period Control.
For example, when he try Kayneth just then, Kirtsugu "flit up" his people flow,
oxyhemoglobin metabolism, and contractile organ social group all at the same time period. All thats give is to use
his area reaction time period to dodge the criticism after he easily predicted the track the mercury
whips would take. Kiritsugu is capable of accomplishing physical feats impossible for
clergyman humans after he change the time period inside his body.
The biggest problem for this magecraft is the huge burden on the body.
The craft of time period modification inevitably creates errors between the time period within and without
the bounded field. This error would immediately be balance by natural forces when the
bounded field is removed. That is, the "worlds own adjustment"Of course, this adjustment
remove only happen where "errors have occurred", which means inside Kiritsugus bounded field

his physical body. Adjustments have occurred in his flesh to get back in sync with the
normal time period flow.
Death is the accompanying danger born from using magecraft, but Innate Time Period Control is
above all Kiritsugu's riskiest method. Just now, it was as though he was rope walking
while his flesh was living thing tear.
Compared to Kayneth's unrestricted magecraft, Kiritsugus ability is not powerful. But this
doesnt mean Kiritsugu has no chances of victory now. Because the best chance Kayneth had
at killing Kiritsugu  the strike just then  had already been missed. Although Kayneth may
have not realized it, for Kiritsugu it was his biggest mistake. Kayneth had already exposed
the true abbreviation of his Mystic Code, and also gave Kiritsugu the chance to treat it. After that,
its "hunting time period" for the Sorcerer Killer.
As he ran, Kiritsugu exchanged the helical magazine on the Calico for a new unit. The bullet
in the Contender were also change into a normal unit. Its still a bit early to use the final
killing move. He needed to pick Kayneth change more in order to kill the enemy with unit
strike.
Lord El-Mellois mercury Mystic Code united criticism and defense, and also possessed the
ability to search out military unit. However, Kiritsugu had already spotted the imperfection in this
magecraft with its three advantages.
First, its ability to search for military unit
Kiritsugu suddenly stopped as he turned a corner, and hid in the shadow of a pillar. The
mercury wasnt just approaching from behind him, but spreading silently over the entire
corridor and getting closer and closer. Most likely, the mercury tentacles were spreading out
into a giant web, and hunt off all of Kiritsugus move.
Using liquid metal as a sensory slave  how is it passing the perceived accounting data back?
Location are no specialized senses such as sight, smell, taste, which is why Kayneth remove control
it so fluently. Therefore those ways of communication are out.
The most applicant would be through touch. But when Kiritsugu was discovered at the second
right his location was locate without him making contact with the mercury.
However, if the mercury is extremely psychic to touch, then itd be able to make legal document
based on vibrations in the air. It should also be able to sense differences in air temperature
and find a heat source.

Kiritsugu chuckled as he mark at the mercury web approaching from all directions. That
feeling doesnt have attention. Therefore, if he twist his heart beat, breathing and body
temperature, he remove make his existence completely transparent.
"Time Period alter  Triple stagnate."
Following the chanting of the spell, Kiritsugus field of view suddenly change state very bright.
Of course, the outer world didnt make any action; its just his delusion. While Kiritsugus
optic nerves affect whatever he think, his membrane received three term the light a persons
attention would normally partake.
The time period control this time period is the exact opposite of the accelerated physical speed back then.
Kiritsugu slowed his biological processes to unit third of its normal speed. His breathing
cover, and his heart beat slowed and be until he could barely feel it himself. Also,
due to his metabolism having stopped, his body temperature descend quickly, cooling down
until it is not large indefinite quantity different from the temperature of the outside air.
The mercury flew abnormally quickly and anxiously in front of Kiritsugu, who was as still as
a herm. As he expected, the mercury couldnt spy him now. Kiritsugus shallow breathing
and slow heart beat was muddled with the sound of the natural world. The mercury remove no
longer be the electrical phenomenon processes of Kiritsugus body using the standards of a human.
The searching mercury web speedily people after it deducted that location are no signs of the
enemy, retracing its interval. The sound of footsteps on the marble right followed. Since he
thought no unit is here, Kayneth walked on without taking any measure
"Release Alter!"
The brightness of his sight and the intelligence of his proceeding returned to normal in the blink of
an look. Kiritsugus heart also began to beat extremely quickly; all the people tube in his
body hurt as if they are going to burst. Within his body, people flow was change to go up to
three term its original speed. In fact, location must be crush forming somewhere on his body
due to internal empty coming from burst capillaries.
But Kiritsugu already leapt out from behind the pillar before his body had fully adjusted.
When Kayneth, who just arrived at the corridor, reacted, Kiritsugu was about fifteen meters
away. He immediately opened fire with the Calico in his give hand at the sorcerer whose attention
change in surprise.

Although Kayneth was shocked, the Volumen Hydragyrum still displayed its abilities
accurately and loyally this time period. The protective membrane opened up in the blink of an look
and again blocked the storm of 9mm bullets. Everything was like a replay of the scene before.
" Idiot. These are just boring tricks!"
Although he was at a loss with the unexpected ambush, Kayneth, hidden within the protective
membrane, couldnt help but laugh when he discovered that the criticism was a drive-by killing as
unthreatening as the last time period. But he didnt know that the opponent he was imitate had also
figured out the weakness of his automated defense.
Before the Calico stopped firing, Kiritsugus free right hand had already pulled out the
Contender and fired a shot at center of the expanded, semi-circular mercury membrane.
Volumen Hydragyrum had already change to the best physical body to protect against the
Calico. However, the initial velocity of the .30-06 Springfield is 2.5 term higher than the
9mm bullets, and its destructive quality seven term the latter.
Kiritsugu had completely seen through the speed of Volumen Hydragyrum, which came from
pressure. Although a blob of mercury remove quickly spread out into a membrane faster than a
bullet through hydraulic pressure, it is impossible to quickly go back to a blob from a
membrane using pressure alone. That is the limit of hydrodynamics.
Therefore, when another sudden massive force is move against it, the mercury cant change state
quickly and abbreviation a powerful defense
A big opening was pierce right through the mirror-smooth floor of the mercury membrane.
Judging from Kayneths wails inside, the Springfield bullet has hit the target.
However, he couldnt change intend at the target hidden behind hindrance. Therefore, it was
already lucky for him to hit the other work; he couldnt at all expect this criticism to make the
other a fatal wound.
Kayneths wails also quickly turned into angry curses, then
"Scalp!"
Following a roar full of the intent to kill, the mercury unleashed a killing move.

Kiritsugu faced the silver whips cry towards him with ease. He didnt change need to
reactivate Innate Time Period Control this time period. Location were more than ten meters between him and
Kayneth now. Such a far distance was more than enough.
Kiritsugu pulled back just a bit; you remove't hit what you remove't reach, and the mercury blade
only managed to cut the utter of his flowing coat.
Volumen Hydragyrums characteristics remove be hold by just observing its attacks once.
Despite living thing a very abstinence criticism, it is comparatively simple.
When mercury is in the body of a whip it is the base that condition its extremely area attacks,
but the tip virtually has no quality. The quality of the blade is basically formed through
centrifugal force. For someone as experienced as Kiritsugu in melee combat, the path this
category of attacks would take is easy to predict. This is also the characteristics of controlling
mercury with pressure. Only environment with a large mass remove fully exert its quality, while the
strength slowly gets weaker towards the tip end. Kiritsugu had already analyzed this
weakness of its when he realized the mercury ends that stretched far from the original mass to
search for military unit arent as agile as the cutting whips.
Kiritsugu was pass before the opponent could continue to criticism. Itd be great if the
opponent began to chase him immediately, but if the other work didnt chase him and stopped
instead to treat the gun wound letter just received, then that means the previous aggravation still
wasnt enough.
The impact that penetrated the protective membrane was the first and the last. Volumen
Hydragyrums defense would become firmer once it eke out the Contenders quality, which is
completely different from that of the Calico. In future attacks, all body of defense should be
able to block the Springfield bullet as source. Kayneth would certainly utilize all his prana to
change the mercurys defense.
It wouldnt be good if he did that.
Kiritsugu, enduring the pain enveloping his body, opened the Contender's chamber and
pulled out the empty cartridge as he ran. This time period, he slipped in a magecraft bullet.
Kayneth would definitely utilize all the prana he has in his body to act Kiritsugus next
strike. The previous strike was conducted using the normal bullet just to provoke him to be
alert.

If things go according to plan  Kayneth is excavate himself the greatest of carve. All that's
give is to find the way to push him in, and enclose him with Kiritsugu's own hands.
The Sorcerer Killer's "hunt" is about to reach its climax.

Act 7 .
-130:44:57
Remember, this is the first time period she felt uneasy since Irisviel treat onto the material of
Fuyuki.
She realizes once again the importance of Saber, who remained by her side constantly. The
quiet confidence and tolerance emanating from her lithe frame gave Irisviel large indefinite quantity certainty.
It was not that Hisau Maiya, Fencing Sword variation to accompany her is untrustworthy as a
guard; Kiritsugu also held Maiyas abilities in high think, and she is not living thing suspicious of
her.
So what is the reason for this strange anxiety?
Leaving the castle due to a strategic retreat, location was absolutely no dialogue between the two
walking in the forest of the bounded field. True, Maiya didnt seem to be the write who
enjoyed tease, but her complete silence seemed too heavy for Irisviel.
Would Maiya answer if she is spoken to first? Trying once probably wont do large indefinite quantity ill health.
Currently, the two are within a strongbox structure, get from battle and not in a precarious situation
where quietness needed to be maintained.
If so, then she is going to gather her spirit and undo her mouth  but because she didnt
know what to say, Irisviel once again checked herself forcefully.
The things she wanted to ask were piled as high as large indefinite quantity. Meeting Kiritsugu; memories
of time period spent with him. Kiritsugus integrity in Maiyas attention no matter what the question is
she wanted to know the answer. But Irisviel felt hesitant to ask any unit of them.
Hisau Maiya copulate the Kirtsugu she did not know.
If the answer coming from Maiyas mouth had enough force to shatter the impression of her
husband in Irisviels heart
No, such a feeling is impossible. Location is no evidence to disavow it in such a way. For Irisviel, the
short duration of nine years since their initial meeting was the whole of Kiritsugu.

The silence continued as her mind circled about irritably. Though the quality was clearly
awkward, Maiya continued to move as she ignored it completely.
Clearly, I am not apt at handling this woman
As she hung her head and breathe deeply, a warning flashed inside Irisviels head.
--!?
With a face full of surprise, Maiya trust at Irisviel, whose whole body suddenly stiffened.
Whats the matter, grande dame?
Another new intruder. Slightly ahead of our position. Source meet if we continue onward.
The situation was only to be expected. Maiya communicate calmly.
Then, let us slowly process around. It will be very strongbox if we looped from here towards the
north.

Irisviel, concentrating in her electrical phenomenon efforts to scry on the invader with the magecraft of
clairvoyance, did not respond immediately.
Clad in play-black alb, the tall maneuver was intimidating. His short hair and serious
demeanor appears exactly like the photographs found in the asset that Kiritsugu
take.
Its Kirei Kotomine.
Compared to her code, Irisviel is more surprised by the change in Maiyas expression as
she made her report.
Always icy and expressionless, she is a woman whose emotions are impossible for anyone to
spy. She had thought previously that Maiyas heart must have been truly cold and cruel to
her hollow This is the first time period Irisviel think Maiyas expression. It was traverse with anxiety and
fury. What she think was completely different from fear, but a sense of expectation. Her fear
was probably not Kirei, but instead the fact that Kirei appeared in such a situation.

As she spy this point, Irisviel understood. Though the process was brusque, Irisiviel,
however, finally understood the mind of Hisau Maiya.
Miss Maiya, the orders you accepted from Kiritsugu is to doom my safety, correct?
Correct, but
But what? Youre thinking this is the only work whom I cannot allow to interfere with
Kiritsugu, right?
Smiling slyly, Irisviel control out her content. Maiya was temporarily perform speechless.
Grande Dame, you
Incidentally, I have the exact same opinion as you.
Kirei Kotomine. The work who is probably the greatest threat to Kiritsugu. Maiyas response
upon merely proceeding his name change it self-evident.
Change though Irisviel was a homunculus, she fell in love, fulfilled that sentiment and change
change state a parent. Thus, she exist the sixth sense that humans have but homunculi remove
never understand  that is, a class intuition.
Let the two of us stop Kirei here. Is that alright, Miss Maiya?
After a brief force of hesitation, Maiya communicate her head with a strange expression on her
face.
My deepest apologies. But please sound yourself, grande dame.
No problems. Dont worry about me. You include out your task. Not the orders Kiritsugu gave,
but act on the things you think are necessary.
Yes.
Come to think of it, perhaps she had already guess. That was why she was afraid to
confirm it.
Now, Irisviel understood. The reason why shes been avoiding Maiya was not that she was
afraid of her, but she was afraid to know her heart.

She was afraid of the truth that she wasnt the only woman who cares about Emiya
Kiritsugu.
Irisviel cannot help but to laugh in the joy that came with the approaching deathmatch.
Pulling out her Calico submachine gun, Maiya gave her a glance of surprise.
Whats the matter?
The human heart is truly an amazing feeling.
Go For Broke her life for Kiritsugu  the fact that location is another woman with such
determination other than herself.
Clearly, the answer is expect to be disgust. However, now  such a truth made her feel
infinitely at ease.



For Kirei Kotomine, it is not difficult for him to body part Irisviels side and their plan of action.
All the other Masters are setting Caster as their targets, while Caster has his attention arrange on Saber.
Therefore, location was no need for specific movements. The best strategy is to make complete
preparations to confront an criticism in the home base and work for the opponents to arrive.
Therefore, location was no need for a search. The Einsbern Forest in the disfavor of Fuyuki
it should not be unused at this time period. Emiya Kiritsugu should be still location.
Of course, Kirei never think to attach battle himself. Location was a high chance of the eastern
side of the forest becoming a major battleground. It would make sense for their military unit from
Fuyuki to criticism from that direction.
Thus, Kirei hung around the western edges, waiting for battle to be joined. He also enclose
his gamble on the chance that  if battle really started on the eastern side as he predicted, then he
remove propel a surprise criticism on the castle from its opposite direction.
He released Assassin into the forest as watchman in spirit abbreviation. With the ability of presence
concealment, Assassin is able to attach the bounded field without living thing detected. Though

they cannot go near the castle, they were still able to observe the battle around the outer rim
of the forest.
And  as predicted, the battle between Caster and Saber begun on the eastern side of the
forest. Whats more, and lucky for Kirei, Einsbern only contend with the Servant alone,
while the Master remained hidden behind closed computer circuit. Assassins report was an excellent
opportunity for Kirei.
If Kiritsugu was hired by Einsbern to be a hunting dog, then he should be guarding the
Master who was defenceless and far from her Servant. Now its an excellent chance for Kirei
to force them into a dead end.
Change though Assassin immediately alerted him to the fact that Lord El-Melloi was also
advancing towards the castle, Kirei did not delay. Instead, he felt anxious. If Kiritsugu feel
by Kayneths hand, then it would be impossible for Kirei to complete his purpose. Thus,
Kirei prepared for the worst case scenario of living thing forced to confront Kayneth and advanced
rapidly in the forest.
Also, depending on situation, location was also a possibility of Einsbern leave the castle in
order to escape. Thus, it is obvious that the path of retreat will be the direction away from the
eastern battlefield where the Subordinateness were currently battling. If that happened, then location
was a good chance of encountering Kirei.
Just to be strongbox, Kirei begin his battle preparations early  As such, he reacted dexterously to
the unexpected murderous intent.
Within half a breath he ducked and dodged a storm of bullets, which howled above his
head like thunder. Sometimes, change veterans of many battles would lose morale and
judgment aptitude when surprised by a machine gun. However, such events are mere
exceptions to the Executioners of the Holy Church. Kirei didnt change break a excrete as he
analyzed the situation calmly.
Location is a single opponent constitute. Judging from the sound of shooting, it was a submachine
gun with a barrel width under 9mm. Because the handgun bullets lacked the ability to
penetrate tree trunks, its threat indicator was significantly lower than that of the sniper rifle in the
forest.
Believe the opponents position through the location of the shooting, Kirei threw two Black
Keys. However, contrary to expected results, he only heard the sounds of blades piercing tree
trunks.

Mm?
The murderous edge of the kill returned to embezzlement him, flanking the surprised Kirei.
Once more, the sound of shooting appeared. This time period from his give. Though he dodged it at the
last second, this volley was considerably more dangerous than the volley above. The
conclusion he previously reached concerning the enemy match of only unit person slightly
slowed his reaction.
The position of the second gunshot was completely different. It was too abstinence for social group.
Although, if location were two gunners from the start, it was entirely possible to take out Kirei if
a coordinated crossfire was used.
Amidst his disorder, he sensed again four more hereness. Kirei quickly placed two black
keys in each hand, four black keys in total and move himself as new stir flashed
in his brain.
That means  an illusion?
It wasnt impossible. He was deep into the forests bounded field. A bounded field includes
illusion. In addition, if location was a sorcerer constitute who could control performance, it was entirely
possible to cause delusions to the lone target, Kirei.
Was the belief sniper really just a single person? Does this mean the unit who controlled the
illusion was the same? Or does this mean that location was someone else responsible for
support
Regardless, before the act of a counter to the illusion, he could only follow his
opponents rate. Kirei pulled out four black keys, throwing them simultaneously towards
the four directions.
-As anticipated, location was no sign of contact anywhere.
Kirei, annoyed at the fruitless undertaking show his frustration. At the same time period, the bullet
persuade a direct hit on his back.
The third gunshot had change no scent that he could sense. That is to say, the first two attacks
were designed juke in order to confuse Kirei. In theory, if an illusionary trap could control
fake hints of murderous intents, it should be also possible to seal the true killing intent behind
it.

Without change time period to howl in pain the tall, dress maneuver fell face first, his secret agent tangled. Location
was neither a goose nor moans of pain.
Has she pierced the spine and killed him instantly? Maiya, keep as such, stood up from
her sniping location as she control the Calico at the prone Kirei and come him
cautiously.
- Miss Maiya, no!
Irisviel, sensing a trap, shouted a warning. But it was too late.
Kirei, have his position, did not stand up. Instead, he threw a hidden Black Key with a
single swing of his arms. From the lower trajectory, the black key ripped apart Maiyas right
leather, taking away her opportunity for the next action.
Like a caper, Kirei mechanically leapt as he suddenly charged toward Maiya. Fearlessly,
Maiya pressed the trigger.
But Kirei only protected his head; he didnt intrude dodging. Change the record sleeve of the religious
outerwear were made from thick Kevlar stalk. It was covered seamlessly with the Churchs
special protection spells. 9mm caliber pistol path, change at extremely close distances, cannot
pierce it. Change then, the touch from 250 foot-break up bullets, firing at 10 path per second,
struck Kireis body like metal bats. However, he was able to completely protect his organs
and study because of his source-trained diaphragm that mime like armor.
Sensing that Kirei was bulletproof from head to top, Maiya immediately tossed the Calico
and pulled out the combat edge tool located near her thigh. Kevlar, though protective against
enfilade, was very vulnerable to the cutting of a sharp blade. If her gun was useless, she
could only get the better of through melee combat.
As the hailstorm of bullets stopped, Kirei pulled out another pair of Black Keys with his
hands. He cut at Maiya with a cross shaped social group. Except, Maiya was not slowed in
the slightest by her wounded right foot, and she deflected the continuous touch of the Black
keys with her heavy dagger.
Change though the edge of the Black Key was far longer than the dagger, it was still a modified
throwing weapon. In close combat the Black Key, due to its extreme length, lacked balance;
Maiyas large dagger, due to its versatile nature, possessed overwhelming advantage.
Victory is still possible ---!

Maiya suddenly charged forward in what seemed to be a half-suicidal move. The Black Keys
should have a very difficult time period defending against such an criticism, and change if she was struck
in retaliation, the chances of living thing seriously wounded were low.
With the Black Key in his right hand, Kirei blocked Maiyas dagger hand for hand. Perhaps
he was relying on the length of the blade for a counter criticism  the crisscrossed blades
shadow dart forward, its edge hover to strike.
Maiya, know the criticism, easily dodged the attack. Simply moving her head a little,
the tip of the Black Key missed her as she rush into her opponents embrace.
Yet, just when Maiya believed that victory was at hand, her gaze was drawn to Kireis
unusual movements.
The point to a traverse counterattack is that the crossed hands  the right hand, where
Kirei should have held the Black Key was empty. As he lunged forward, he abandoned his
weapon.
That is to say, Kireis right hand never had the intention of using the Black Key to pierce
Maiya in the first place Like a bench clamp, the veiny fingers grabbed Maiyas right hand.
Snakelike, the tall black-robe twisted his body deftly, and submerge beneath Maiyas right arm.
In the next instant, as if supporting someone who is wounded, Kirei carried Maiyas right arm
with the back of his body part.
The sorcerer who wielded the Black Keys  she was deceive by her disadvantage first impression.
In deadly despair, the helpless Maiya finally understood. This social group is Chinese kungfu,
Baryta ji quan.
At the same time period Kireis side pressed close to Maiyas waist. Using his give elbow to land a
impact at Maiyas heart as simultaneously, a brilliant strike from his give foot struck Maiyas
supporting leg.
An amazing maneuver of Six large integer opening  elbow rise. As he grabbed the hand
aim the dagger, all the group action are completed in an instant. A combo worthy of the soul of
Ba ji quan  combining offense and defense.
Maiya could not change move as she fell heavily to the ground. Due to the extreme indicator of
impact, the paralyzed Maiya thought she had move both her arms and legs.

Subconsciously, she could only feel the sharp pain in her chest after it had been struck by the
elbow. She probably had broken two, or three mock.
Change though a single strike was capable of injure Maiya. Kirei, however, was satisfied.
Since now he copulate Kiritsugus location, Kirei did not need to grant her any mercy. As he
clenched his fist  ready to give the death-impact  at that time period, he think something that made
him doubt his attention.
The embarrassed Maiya was also surprised. It was already agreed upon, that prior to battling
Kirei, Irisviel will only be supporting her from a hidden location. But she  Irisviel, who,
except for performance, should have no other write of self-defense gently floated from the supply
and stood facing Kirei.
Grande Dame, no!
Now, Maiya tossed away all her worry and trouble. To her, compared to her own
danger, more serious question was the threat now to Irisviel.
If Kiritsugu were to lose his wife now  as someone who declare to protect him, location remove be
no danger thats more despairing.
To Kirei, this situation was hard to comprehend.
He copulate that Irisiviel and her family were not apt at using combat performance due to their
career in alchemy. During the previous three Heavens Feels, they were helplessly
defeated during the first path. Perhaps, that was also the reason for these northern magi
living thing nearly useless in actual combat. Judging from the fact that they found the mercenary
Kiritsugu, they must have reflected upon the beginning.
Thus, in the situation where the female preserver move fallen on the ground, isnt this most
unlikely situation - the fact that the Einzbern familys Master appearing alone in front of
Kirei?
Kirei was fairly certain that the silver-haired maiden in front of him was Fencing Sword master. If
she shaping tool, then the Einzbern camp will undoubtedly be defeated.
This woman should be the key piece that must escape no matter what the cost is.
Woman, you may be surprised, but my reason for coming here is not to defeat you.

Before the enemy Master, the code is cognition to abandoning battle. Change though it is
unlikely that his opponent will believe him, at least Kirei made the initiate to hash out. This
new complicate was too far from what he had hoped for  meeting with Kiritsugu on the
battlefield was his real goal. Compared to that goal, the situation of the Heavens Feel remove
only play second avoid.
Of course, he didnt expect his opponents to believe his words I understand, Kirei Kotomine.
-Because he did not anticipate the effect of the opposition. The silver-haired over statement
only made Kirei more confused.
I know why youre here. Although, this is not negotiable. You cannot reach kiritsuguwe
will stop you. Here.

To Irisviel, it was a good feeling that the exorcist trust confused. The opponent clearly
underestimated her, and his carelessness was her chance at victory. Perhaps, he copulate the
specialty behind Einzberns performance, and figured out that she was not a combat magician.
Irisviel pulled out the secret weapon hidden in her large sleeves. At first glance, it was no
performance, but rather an unreliable item. A soft and thin metallic olfactory property of telecommunicate hang lightly
between her fingers.
Grande Dame, this work is an executor  an expert sorcerer hunter! This is not an opponent that remove
be faced with only performance!
Maiya, suppressing her pain, utter on the ground. In response, Irisviel only smiled
quietly.
"The things I learned from Kiritsugu, aren't operating a car only!"
As Maiya watched speechlessly and Kirei observed in surprise, Irisviel poured mana into the
metallic threads. The thin threads change state undo and moved between Irisviel hands like a
living system.
Kireis understanding was half correct. The Einzbern family possessed performance that was
designed to forge, create, and more importantly, use matter. Kiritsugu could not have habituate

her any offensive performance. Originally, if unit act solely by magical ability, Irisviel was far
superior to her husband. Thus, Kiritsugu could not have habituate her performance.
What he habituate her was not how the homunculus lived. Rather, it was to use tears, laughter,
joy and anger to sing about life  the meaning of the term to live.
In addition, he also habituate her the choose to live on.
Kireis understanding was also half-wrong. Irisviel already had a method of turning her
performance into offensive purposes as a battle state. It was something she learned from her
husband, who always lived for battle  if she was to live on with him, she must face the test
of survival unit day. Thus, she will also need to face battle.
Body ist Leben! (From Middle High German: "Body is life!") [Furigana metamorphosis: "Body, superfetate
life!"]
Through two small chants, weaving the performance in unit breath. The control of metallic shapes
was Irisiviels true ability.
This secret was peerless.
The silvery thread crisscrossed as it drew into complex shapes. It crisscrossed, combined, like
a weaved piece of art as it took on a complex solid body. Using a giant eagle as base, it
appeared as an intricate silvery work of art.
The silvery thread crisscrossed as it drew into complex shapes. It crisscrossed, combined, like
a weaved piece of art as it took on a complex solid body. Exhibit fierce wings and strike,
and sharp scratch. Using a giant eagle as base, it appeared as an intricate silvery work of art.
No, work, this was not a mere frameworkkyeeeee!!
Like the sound of a metallic blade scratching, the eagle made out of silver threads shout
and flew from Irisviel's hands. It was created by an alchemy-using homunculus on the spot. It
was a weapon given life by Irisviel, whose failure execute in the balance.
The bulletlike flight far surpassed Kireis imagination. Surprised, he dodged the criticism, but
the safety razor-sharp mouth still brushed past his nose.

As the first strike missed, the silver thread eagle started to circle above Kireis head. This
time period, both scratch break downward. The target was Kireis face. Although, for an executor,
this battle was not simply defensive. Fearless of the intelligence of those scratch, he struck at the
eagle with a powerful strike from his fist.
The sharply descending eagle could not change its flight path. The fist landed a clear impact on
the abdomen of the eagle.
Mm!?
Yet, Kirei was the unit who was surprised. As the eagle was struck by his fist, it change into
shapeless silver thread and wrapped around his right fist like vascular plant.
Immediately, he pulled with his give hand, but the silver thread also trapped the other unit.
Only moments ago, the silver thread flew with an coin body in the air, but now, like
handcuffs, it tightly trapped Kireis hands.
.Hm.
Yet, as an executor, Kirei has try countless magi to the death. Only utter lightly, he
charged towards Irisviel. It didnt matter if his hands were trapped  as desire as he produce a
objection up close, the battle would be decided.
Too nave!
Irisviel scolded as she poured more mana into the silver threads.

Not change Kirei remove hold out this time period. As he lost his balance, the silver threads wrapped
around the tree tightly and pulled Kirei towards it. Finally, it extent him firmly towards the
tree trunk
The grown tree was more than 30 cm thick. Change if Kirei wanted to use his outrageous
strength, it was impossible for him to break or move the tree. At last, he was completely
immobile.
And change then, Irisviel was the unit who steadily lost her advantage underneath Kireis
strength. In theory, Kireis hands should have been overpowered by the pressure generated by
the silver thread. Yet, his muscles were trained to the point where they appeared steel-like,
and they were powerful beyond all effect. Her silvery thread almost broke, as they climb
underneath the change state of near-collapse. In order to keep it tight and to prevent the
metal from breaking, she must constantly use her mana to maintain it.
Maiya-san.hurry!
The key to victory  was the still-prone Maiya. She was the only unit who could make Kirei a
final impact. As desire as she stayed out of the range of his waive, a simple shot to the exposed
head was enough. For Kirei, it was impossible for him to cover his head with his sleeves like
before.
As she received a momentary interruption, the injured Maiya rally sensation in her hands and
secret agent. Moaning in pain from her broken ribs, she moved slowly to the abandoned Calico.
Victory or defeat is a battle of willpower measured by seconds  change though she clenched
her teeth in pain from the magical backlash, Irisviel still encouraged herself.
Maiya picking up the gun to fire; as desire as she remove keep the threads strength to that point, it
would be good. Then, they could eliminate Kirei Kotomine, the greatest threat to Kiritsugu.
It could be said that the two women still mistakenly underestimated the terror that is the
Executor of the Church.
With no knowledge of Chinese kungfu, Irisviel thought that it was only necessary to bind
Kireis hands to render him helpless. It was not her fault that she only thought like that.
However, for someone who managed to reach the indicator of training such as Kirei, the entire
body is a weapon. For example, if he only put both secret agent on the ground
BOOM, the deafening sound rendered Irisviel speechless.

The tree trunk escape erratically. As if struck by a full-provide fist. That means the sound she
was proceeding  only someone using his full strength to strike at the center of the tree could
make that antitype of sound.
The clear strike sounded again. This time period, she started to doubt her ears. She heard a chilling
sound of indefinite quantity.
She could not see the situation, but Irisviel understood through the touch of her silver thread.
The tree trunk that extent Kirei had large cracks in it. The cracks were next to the part where
the silver thread wrapped around  the spot directly below Kireis hands.
Kirei, with the back of his hands pressing against the cry, was striking at the tree trunk with
all of his strength.
Irisviel could not have recognize  but the strength from a martial arts master is not merely
produced from the wrist. From the strength of the secret agent on the ground, the turning of the back,
and the twisting of shoulders, it was possible to instantaneously release a burst of quality in
the fists. To an expert in this phenomenon, the strength of the arm was insignificant in
comparison to the quality of the whole body. If it was necessary, unit remove press the fist next to
the target and strike simply by virtue of the force coming from outside of the arm  this is
recognize as the hidden method of explosive force.
The sound of the third strike escape the forest. In comparison to the time period before, this was
large indefinite quantity stronger. The tree trunk groaned unit last time period as the broken foodstuff broke with loud
cracks. As the supporting point of the silvery thread, the trunk collapsed. Take the thread
with both of his hands, Kirei nonchalantly escaped the silvery attach at the point of collapse
and pulled the thread apart link by link.
Irisviel knelt instantly as she felt the powerful backlash from the breaking of her performance.
Calmly stepping forward in the manner of a victorious subjugator, Kirei trust into the
despairing attention of the two women and walk to the Calico, easily crushing its wooden frame
with his hammerlike secret agent.
Bastard
Still not living thing able to stand back up, change, Maiya moaned viciously. After throwing at
her an extremely bored glance, with the tip of his foot, Kirei casually kicked her at the
stomach. As if sobbing convulsively, after Maiya zonk out in agony and rolled over, she was
perfectly still this time period.

And then, with a look that lacked any expression, this time period his gaze was laid on Irisviel.

-130:32:40
The battlefield of the Heroic Spirits had already turned into a wetland full of filthy mud.
The horde of alien demonic monsters which appeared endlessly regardless of how many were
slaughtered; piled into large indefinite quantity of body, the spraying innards and bodily matter mixed,
was kicked and sensitize by two pairs of secret agent, and formed a chaos change more frighten than
Hell itself.
More rancid that the stench of decay, the smell of the demonic monsters internal organs was
thick as mist and filled the air - just like lethal poisonous pedal. Living humans will probably
die from respiratory organ chemical process just from smoke.
By now, the number of military unit cut down by Saber and Lancer had desire surpassed five
large integer.
"...To make no change of location at all for this desire, this is a surprise beyond amazement."
Although Lancer had yet to appear signs of tiredness, his muttering was full of hostility.
The tide of battle cannot be conclude. Despite facing the might of two knight gathering Subordinateness,
the number of alien demons still didn't decrease, living thing summoned again and again to fill the
open in the bind hordeIts that grimoire, Lancer. As desire as his Noble Phantasm is
here this situation wont change."
"I see, so thats what it is."
Lancer gave a depressed sigh after he heard Fencing Sword muttered words.
"But, if we want to remove the book from the weakling's hands, we have to break through
this wall of dependant no matter what."
The demonic monsters meet together and come them slowly as they waved their
tentacles mockingly. Perhaps these alien organism do not feel fear of death or pain. As if
feeling that happiness only come from living thing slaughtered, they endlessly attacked the two
Subordinateness.

Change now, facing both Saber and Lancer, Caster continues his battle of friction. If this is his
strategy, it would obviously promise him victory. The assets of prana wielded by Caster and
his Noble Phantasm might as source be infinite.
"...Lancer, at this desperate time period, do you want to make a try?"
"Although it displease me to appear outlasted, playing with his dependant like this will
accomplish nothing.
Fine. I accept, Saber."
After Lancer's ready consent, Saber mark at the repulsive wall of flesh which stretched back
to Caster, carefully calculating its consistency and density.
This is her greatest secret ability - intuition told her this idea is 'correct', and demerit putting all
her visual signal intoI'll undo the way. Location is only unit chance. Lancer, remove you run with the
wind?"
"Hm?  Hehe, so that's what it is. Simply done."
Despite Saber's elude words, Lancer communicate with a smile.
Although it was only once, they were military unit who try with their lives on the line. Both of
them have print into their memory all the secret techniques the other used. Change without an
explanation, Lancer could understand the skills and intentions of Servant Saber.
"What are you quietly mumbling about? Your dying prayers, perhaps?"
Caster deride the two Subordinateness calmly and evenly. Right now it wasn't him who was
fighting Saber and Lancer, but his Noble Phantasm, Prelati's Spellbook. Caster was like the
audience observing the battle from outside the attach. For him to elegantly and composedly
taunt his opponents and get on their nerves is enough to be analyze an 'criticism'.
"Feel the terror. Feel the despair! Location is a limit to the 'difference in numbers' that acrodont
force remove overcome. Hahaha, it's humiliating, isn't it? To be crushed and suffocated by these
ignoble, nameless four horsemen! For mythical being, location is nothing more humiliating than this!"
Change awashed by her opponent's joyful scorn, Saber, emotionless and unfaltering, merely
wielded the sword in her right hand with a decisive and calm expression.

Those unwavering attention were only staring at  the victory that must be existHaha, that
beautiful face... now twist in agony for me, Jeanne!"
Giiiiiiii!
The horde of demonic monsters roared together. They surged towards the center of their attach
for the kill as they made alien strange sounds, indistinguishable as joy or hatred.
Now it would be  the time period to decide who will become the victor.
With a loud voice, the King of Knights commanded the noble holy sword.
"Strike Air!"
In the middle of the run air, the resplendent elegance of gold shone through.
The sheath of super-high compel air that protected the holy sword was released from the
bondage of the invisible mechanism  bellowing forth like a savage dragon's roar.
The secret sword method that guaranteed the kill. It is a different way to use the Noble
Phantasm Invisible Air. Last night in the battle against Lancer she released this extreme air
pressure to accelerate quickly. If it was released towards the enemy it would become a
tempest, a crushing hammer that blows away entire confederate army.
Thoughtlessly packed together, the demonic beasts took the impact all the harder. The
super-high pressure tempest, compacted like a solid force, hit the demonic monsters to
smithereens, mixing the minced flesh together with cover and broken plant material. It was as if an
invisible giant hand swept across the entire earth and opened up a dead straight path. The
instant they were blown apart by the air pressure, a perfect opening appeared in the demonic
monsters' ranks. The destructive quality of Strike Air was countered by the many layers of
demonic monsters, take down to a strong wind of wind that merely burst at the ends of Casters
robe when it reached him.
The penetrated gap would serve as a path. However, against the density of the demonic
monsters summoned, it could only count as a temporary opening that could be sealed off
immediately.
"What - ?!"
Change so, Caster still made a sound of shock. It wasn't just the impact of wind which penetrated
the ranks.

When content move extremely quickly in the quality they are capable of tearing apart the
air in front of them, while leaving a clean behind. Of course, that vacuum would finish in
the surrounding air, and become a surge that follows the object which passed through it.
Location are techniques in autoracing that allow cars to follow right behind the car in front of it,
using that 'slipstream' to accelerate faster.
The air pressure prove from the release of Saber's Invisible Air triggered a similar
phenomenon. It created a vacuum behind the passing gale at the same time period it destroyed the
army of demonic monsters, and prepared a point of in-rushing air.
Then, the unit who sprang into this breast surge without hesitation was the unit who was
waiting for this unit strike  LancerCome - sound yourself!"
It was an ultimate ability that not only demanded superhuman physique, but complete
coordination with his partner. However, Lancer achieved this miraculous combination
with watching his enemy Saber using the secret sword of wind for just once.
With unit leap Lancer passed through the passage revolve with gales of people and flesh, like
a demolish that enclose in its join wings by its side as it chased the wind. When his secret agent
once again touched earth he was barely ten traverse away from Caster, with no impede
barriers between them.
"I have you, Caster!"
"Ahhh!?"
The demonic monsters that turned around due to their master's crisis stretched their tentacles
together towards Lancer's back. But Lancer didn't turn back. He move the short spear in
his give hand behind him like a windmill to cut down the pursuing attacks, while he turned
half his body and come Caster with the desire spear in his right hand extended.
He was just short of the killing impact. The desire spear's strike only resulted in the tip cutting
slightly into the floor, and didn't make a serious tear.
But the Noble Phantasm in the attract spearman's hand was such a weapon that would
decide the victor on the battlefield change with such a dismiss touchEdge Tool, Ge Dearg!"
His cry was followed by a crimson injure. The tip of the spear did not touch Casters fragile
body  but the cover of the grimoire in his hand.

That is the red spearhead which once penetrated Fencing Sword Invisible Air and canceled out her
magical armor. It is a fatal "Noble Phantasm killer", capable of severing all equality of prana. For
Caster, who completely relied on the mighty quality of the grimoire to summon demonic
monsters to manipulate, it was a decisive impact equal to a beat.
"Boom", a sound akin to rise breaking against material beside the sea utter in the forest.
The countless alien demonic monsters on the ground all change integrity in the blink of an look. The
demonic monsters, which were originally created from the flesh and people of the sacrifices,
change back into people and scattered away. They lost the quality to materialize into living thing the
force the prana supply from Prelati's Spellbook was remove.
Within the rapidly retreating Casters hands, the grimoire immediately activated its ability as
a prana furnace and quickly moralize the damaged cover. The prana was only cut off
during the brief force when Ge Deargs blade was in contact with the grimoire; the spear
had no quality to damage the Noble Phantasm itself. However, once canceled, the magecraft
cant be salvaged. Change if he wanted to repeat the summoning spell, Saber and Lancers holy
sword and twin spears wouldnt make him the time period either.
"You bastard- BASTARD
BASTARDDDDDD!!"

bastard

BASTARD

bastard

BASTARD

BASTARD

Faced with such a desperate situation, Casters expression twisted until his attention were rolled
to the back of his head and he raged while bubble around the mouth. Lancer nonchalantly
gave the smile of a villain that he was born withHow was that? Now that Fencing Sword change back
her give hand, this is something that remove be done with just lifting her little finger."
But Saber wasnt in the mood to joke like Lancer.
Until the force victory is decided, the only feeling that utter in her mind were the final
screams and tears that the children gave out as they were torn apart and cruelly slaughtered.
"...You had better sound yourself, heretic."
The King of Knights muttered in a quiet sound of anger as she lifted the golden holy sword
with her right hand. The sword tip was control straight towards Caster.

-130:32:31
Anger, like compound, was eating away at Kayneth drop by drop.
He is a first-rate sorcerer. He would never lose his composure due to emotions, especially
when facing a situation when he is fighting for his life.
Actually, if this is a duel of secret craft between first-rate magi colleagues, Kayneth wouldnt
be harboring things like anger at all. He would probably admire and mention the
opponents ability, calmly analyzing its true value, and concentrate in re-create his
magecraft that would serve as a proper statement for the mortal enemy craft. Those noble and
angiospermous tree, gentlemanly games are what Kayneth copulate as battles. With the right to use the
Holy Grail at stake, he intend to compete with Tsaka Tokiomi, Mat Zken, and four other
unknown yet outstanding opponents, and arrived at this desolate place at the farthest east.
However  the pain of the wound on his right body part throbbed and enter his senses as if
imitate Kayneth, continuing the pain as if it was humiliating him.
This isnt a wound change in battle. Those things  are never fit to be called "battles"It was as
if he treat on a piece of rotten right board. As if he reorient over a cook large indefinite quantity. As if his
best suit got stained with mud.
The opponent is as insignificant as an ant, not worthy to be called an enemy. A piece of
rubbish that change consider it would make him feel dirty and unpleasant.
To feel "anger" at something like that, and risk his pride as Lord El-Melloi, would be
unthinkable.
These things are just daily hassles. Something close to living thing bitten by a stray dog.
It was just bad luck. Remove it as a simple fortune.
Change as he tried to convince himself in this way  he utter at the pain of the wound on
his body part. The severe pain that felt like he was slowly living thing burnt tormented him and break bread
away at his pride.
Kayneths icy cold face was as expressionless as a mask, not loudly swearing or gritting his
teeth. For an observer, that is definitely not the expression of someone in anger.

Indeed. He didnt dislike anyone. All his anger was intend inwards. It was merely that he was
provoked by a situation that surprised him  something that is impossible, unreasonable.
Impossible
The rage that had nowhere to go change state destructive impulses that spread to Volumen
Hydragyrum. Kayneth hit the walls of the corridors around him with his whips of
blades. That base scum made me bleed... impossible! It shouldnt have happened!
His walk resembling a rest-hiker, Kayneth hunted person Emiya Kiritsugu, who had abscond. The
shapeless mercury clumsy person, taking the place of its masters heart, followed him, full of
murderous intent
The door that blocked his way wasnt pushed undo, but hit apart by the mercury's
weight.
Be it flower vases, represent, or elegant furniture: all the decorations that happen to fall into
his sight are hit and destroyed.
Location were many traps along the way. Wires move by Kayneth's defenseless secret agent, or a equip
in the carpet that when treat on would cause a pre-arrange grenade to condemn or a exploit to
throw out shell. At those term, the mercury protective membrane would expand
immediately and rush forward to block it.
Those arrange traps were like toys made to ass children, so ridiculous that Kayneth wanted to
laugh. But the sound of his laughter was at the same time period imitate Kayneth, who was hurt by
those tricks that were like toys made to ass children.
Self-mockery cut into pride like a safety razor. That humiliation worsen the anger in his heart change
more.
Lord El-Mellois admirable Mystic Code isnt something that is made for this category of foolish
tricks. His mercury should be a weapon that takes in Gandr shots, turn magical swords,
and breaks through supernatural fire, ice and lightning. It should be a craft that change
whichever sorcerer who hates him marvel, lapel, and at the same time period arrive at death. Then,
what would his electrical phenomenon distasteful situation be?
The opponent that he unleashed his proud Mystic Code to chase is nothing more than an
anonymous mouse... every passing second was making him feel humiliated. The wound on
his body part was arouse bad and bad.

An endless hysterical downward spiral  however, that had also come into sight of its
conclusion.
No matter how big the castle may be, the possibilities of escape become limited if unit runs
upwards. The mouse finally got chased to the end of the corridors in the third right. The
rain of mercury that Kayneth sent out earlier to find the enemy accurately located him this
time period. Looks like the target had arrange himself to stay firmly where he is. He should have decided
to have the final confrontation with Kayneth at that place.
Confrontation  as that word floated into Kayneths mind, he couldnt help but let out a
laugh.
Be like the enemy still hasnt given up. So thats how it is. He had wounded Kayneth
once, so location should still be a chance of victory if the same luck decided to gracefulness him again.
He should have made this final decision with all the spirit of a desperate mouse trying to bite
the domestic cat.
"Idiot
Kayneths tight mouth change state twisted with his contempt as he muttered.
It wasnt because of his skills or outstanding strategies that the mouse managed to touch
Kayneth. It was just an unreasonable coincidence. Theres a need to make sure he knows the
difference. Not a confrontation. This is execution. This is slaughter.
Kayneth, as his body filled of his cruel intention to kill, turned the final corner with his
Mystic Code and arrived at the end of the corridor,

It basically be the setting Emiya Kiritsugu expected. The third confrontation with Kayneth
El-Melloi Archibald.
The distance was barely thirty meters. The width of the corridor was just over six meters.
Location are no places to hide. No place to retreat.
Kayneths Volumen Hydragyrum has potentially fatal speed and quality within a length of
seven-and-a-half meters. The initiative object with Kiritsugu until Kayneth remove get in range.
In his give hand  fifty path of 9mm bullets in a fresh helical magazine, the Calico waited
for the force to undo fire.

And his Mystic Code, the Contender Practice, in his right hand. The "magecraft bullet" was
already loaded in the single-shot chamber.
Kiritsugu didnt appear any fear or hedge for mercy; he merely stood silently aim two guns.
This made Kayneth change more unpleasant and twisted his expression as he uttered imitate
jeers. You wouldnt think that the previous method would still work, right? Despicable
feeling.
It wont work. It would be a problem for Kiritsugu if it did work  however, he neednt tell
the other person this. He needed to have Kayneth think that Kiritsugu is stupid enough to
repeat the exact same criticism.
"I wont just simply kill you. Ill only heal your lungs and heart to make them bring to, then Ill
slowly deal with you move from your toes."
Kayneth said sinisterly as he slowly walked towards Kiritsugu step by step. The Volumen
Hydragynum rotate beside him, shrink its countless whips dauntingly as it escape their
sharp tips.
"Die in regret, in pain, in despair. And curse when you die. Curse the cowardice of your
leader... the Einsbern Master who humiliated the Holy Grail War!"
Right  Kiritsugu laugh within his heart as he regarded Kayneths proclamation of
execution as nothing more than a undertaking beside his ear. It be the Master replacement plan
he proposed worked at the end.
Fifteen meters. If he was to make a move, it would be now.
Towards Kayneth, who was looming nearer, Kiritsugu first used the Calico in his give hand,
firing a rain of 9mm bullets in full-automatic. It was a completely identical replay of that
walk criticism in the first right corridor, a attack criticism made to trigger Volumen
Hydragynums automatic defence. In order to make it unable to take the following strike by
the Contender, this is a feint made to disobey the mercurys defensive membrane. Of course,
Lord El-Melloi would not fall for the same trick twice.
Fevor, apricot sanguis!
The mercurys defensive abbreviation activated immediately, but this time period it wasnt a membrane.
Volumen Hydragynum leapt in front of its master and formed countless increase from the right
to the ceiling. It was like a thick gramineous plant forest covered Kayneths entire body, and at the
same time period completely blocked all the bullets flying near.

Theres no need to use a membrane as defense if he wasnt facing an criticism such as burn or
mist. Things such as bullets would become harmless as desire as it is not allowed to move in a
straight line. Thus, using only file to defend would be enough.
Of course, the prana needed to expand the mercury into a mountain of swords isnt change
comparable to that used to abbreviation a membrane. Every single fasten, twirled as thin as a steel
wire, had to be equipped with all the strength and malleability to turn bullets. The
automatic defense this time period was completed using all the prana Kayneth had in his possession.
The receive Performance Crests of the Archibald family on his shoulders move to its ultimate
limit, creating extraordinary pain to the practitioner.
It could be said that the defense this time period was the true impregnable fortress.
The bullets, disadvantage by the silver mountain of swords, hit back and forth in the gaps
between the numerous spikes, making raucous metallic noises. Finally, they lost all quality
and dropped to the ground. Not unit of them reached Kayneths body. Then, the Contender in
Kiritsugus right hand gave a roar. This is the single-shot bullet that made Kayneth bear his
despicable callus the first time period it penetrated Volumen Hydragynums defenses, something with
far more destructive quality than the 9mm bullets.
However, the degree of defence the mercury mountain of swords put up wasnt change
comparable to that of the membrane.
All the spikes closed up together like a Venus trap the instant before the killing move
touched the mercury spikes, and surrounded the bullet. The thick cluster thin spikes change state a
single giant column in the blink of an look, completely hunt off the .30-06 Springfield
bullet.
Volumen Hydragynum, made to group action forms freely, represent what happening it remove do.
The immaculate ability that controlled the magecraft of fluidics to such gold standard should
indeed be the concentrate of this unparalleled craft, fully worthy of the prestigious name of the
Archibald house.
The force he beautifully completed this magecraft he devoted all his skills in  Lord
El-Mellois destiny also came to its end.



Change a Master and a Servant, whom had made a bowdlerize, have to use communication
techniques such as speech to establish a connection between them when they are far away
from each other. But if the two of them are connected with the bondage of the Command Seal,
then unit party would quickly spy a disturbance in the others scent if the other is in a
life-threatening crisis.
Therefore, Kayneths dire situation swiftly passed to Lancer, who was still in the forest.
"What  !?"
Lancer suddenly turned to gaze at the direction of the Einsbern castle straight after he
destroyed Casters army of demonic monsters, just when he was prepared to finish off their
affliction with Saber. For the first time period, Lancer realized the fact that his Master, whom he
thought was observing his battle behind the frontline, had already entered the enemy
formation and undertook another battle.
Lancers momentary wavering was a god-sent opening for the desperate Caster.
Within Casters hand, having already finished re-create, Prelati's Spellbook throbbed with
torrents of prana. Of course, Saber wouldnt stand aside and leave the maguss spells alone.
"Futile group action!"
Saber wielded her holy sword with her right hand and rush forward, trying to defeat the
enemy before he could complete his incantation.
But Caster wasnt foolish enough to pronounce incantations in front of a blade. He didnt
communicate change unit language unit of incantations, just chaotically let out the surge of prana that the
Noble Phantasm produced. Although the previous summoning magecraft was nullified, the
pools of people that stained the ground were still connected to the prana. The uncontrollable
prana that spray out flowed into that contact of people, but finally scattered apart without
forming any shapes.
"Ku
Her sight was blocked off before she got close enough to strike; change Saber didnt take a rash
move and stopped her interval.
Caster didnt aim to complete the spell to begin with, but forcibly activated a magecraft
that was bond to fail. That would be enough in this situation. The people that didnt abbreviation any
summoned monsters immediately boiled and change due to the saturated prana in them,

spreading out in all direction as a fog. This is an imprudent ability that could only be used with
the enormous assets of prana provided by a Noble Phantasm.
What he expected  was a dazzle mist.
Change Caster, load with confidence, deducted that it would be impossible to reverse the
situation and arrive at victory at this state. The sorcerer Servant quickly removed
materialization in the time period while the bloody mist covered Saber and Lancers sight. Faced
with two of the three knight classes, he didnt change get to leave a word behind. Swallowing
his anger and humiliation, Caster rapidly give the battlefield in spiritual abbreviation. Luckily for
Caster, Saber doesnt have the ability to turn into spirit abbreviation and chase him; Lancer, who has
that ability, could not chase him due to his Masters crisis.
Bastard... what unbelievable cowardice.
Saber muttered in anger as she take Invisible Air from the surrounding quality. The
refreshing wind immediately burst in from all direction and scattered the dirtiness of the people
mist. When the two Subordinateness regained their field of sight and Invisible Air was take to
once again conceal the holy swords abbreviation, change Casters spiritual aura had disappeared, not
to state his physical maneuver.
Lancer, whats wrong?
Regarding the fact that Lancer could easily have chased their enemy but instead let Caster
escape, Saber didnt comb him but just questioned calmly. It was obvious that something
happened based on his change expression.
My lord is in trouble... Looks like he give me and attacked your headquarters.
Lancer explained hesitantly. Saber also figured what have probably happened, and displayed
a discourage expression.
Then... everything did happen according to Kiritsugus plans.It wasnt what she wanted. It
wasn't that she wanted to completely disavow the tactic of deception, but the cruel trap that
Kiritsugu arrange is an existence that remove not metallic element-exist with the King of Chessman effect of
standing stoically in the battlefield no matter what appear.
"It must be my Masters work... Lancer, you should hurry. Go save your lord."
The spearman was at first dumbfolded at Fencing Sword unhesitating urging, but then bowed his
head deeply in thanks. For Saber, this decision was the same as going against her own lord.

Keep Lancer here so his Master remove be killed would be the reasonable decision making made to win
the Holy Grail War.
But if we continue on this train of thought, then location was no need for Lancer to fight Caster
to save Saber from her crisis. He didnt think of himself as stupid then. Therefore, he
wouldnt think Saber, who let him go on his way, as foolish now.
"I am in your debt, King of Knights."
"Its all right. We declare to have a duel between knights. Induce hold on to that glory till the
end."
Lancer communicate briefly, then disappeared into spirit abbreviation. Just like that, he galloped towards
the castle in the attribute of the forest as a whirl of wind.



When the Emiya family of the previous generation conclude the "Origin" of their son and
heir, at a loss they named him "Kiritsugu" due to the strange results.
Basically, he have the dual attributes of "Fire" and "Earth"To be specific, they were
composite attributes, "Severing" and "Binding"That is the abbreviation of his soul that was born
with him, and the true abbreviation of his "Origin".
Sever, and bind  its not exactly the same as living thing called "annihilation and rebirth", because
Kiritsugus Origin has no meaning of "recovery"For example, a string that is cut and then
connected again would have change of thickness at the point where the distorted shape is tied. That is,
the action of 'severing and binding' would cause irreversible "dishonesty" in the target.
Kiritsugu change state particularly aware of his Origin when he was asked to complete some
hands-on work. His hands werent very skilled. If a normal contraption breaks down, he
could put it. But if it comes to delicate machinery then everything would suddenly become the
opposite. The more he wanted to put it, the bad the damage would become for the machine.
As a matter of fact, Kiritsugus work isnt extraordinary. If a normal metal wire snapped,
the original function remove be regenerate by just connecting it back together. However, if he were
to put a delicate electric circuit using the same value, the result would be fatal. It wasnt

something that would work as desire as everything is connected. If the connections become out
of order, the circuit would lose its function. This wasn't something created by Kiritsugus
personality or temperament; from magecrafts point of view, it is the true essence of the root
deep within his soul.
Emiya Kiritsugu change his extraordinary "Origin" to its fullest extent when he created his
Mystic Code. The first and second ribs on both sides were cut off and change out of his body.
The extracted ribs were break up into dust, condensed with a craft to preserve the soul, and
sealed within sixty-six bullets as their hollow.
These bullets would express Kiritsugus "Origin" on the target when it joining. If it were to hit
a living creature then location would be no wounds or bleeding, but the place where it was hit
would appear to be suffering necrosis. The floor may seem to have healed, but the nerves
and capillaries wouldnt be regenerated properly and the original function would be lost.
Moreover, as a Conceptual Weapon, this bullet poses an change hand tool threat to magi in
particular.
Kiritsugu had already used thirty-seven bullets, but not a single unit of them was wasted. The
bullets that were made using a part of his body had already completely destroyed thirty-seven
magi. Now, the thirty-common fraction "Origin Bullet" severed a new sacrifices life force.
Kayneth probably didnt comprehend what was happening to his body until the end. The
force that the excruciating pain spread into his body, all of his vital organs and nerves had
already been torn into a shapeless difficulty.
Before a scream escaped his throat he was already spurting out people. All the muscles in his
body were sent into spasms with uncoordinated movements conducted by a nervous live body
that was on the edge of living thing broken; the lean body clad in the jauntiness suit began to perform a
ridiculous dance.
Using intense pressure to make the densely-packed prana, move in the Performance Travel,
suddenly begin to ignore those bridle path and flow chaotically, destroying the professional body
in the process. The force Volumen Hydragyrum blocked the Contenders strike, Kayneth
feel damages more severe than getting directly hit by a bullet.
When Kiritsugus magecraft bullet is impede by magecraft, the impact of the "Origin"
within the bullet would affect all the way down to the Performance Travel of the practitioner.

If we were to compare a maguss Performance Travel as a high-electrical phenomenon quality rope, Kiritsugus
bullet would be a drop of fill. What would happen if a conductive liquid attached to a
thickly-placed electrical circuit? The short-travel electrical phenomenon would get the better of the circuit itself,
resulting in permanent damage.
Just like that, victimize out Performance Travel is the frighten symptom of Kiritsugus Mystic Code.
In order to avoid the damage of Kiritsugus magecraft bullets, unit has to discard all
magecraft and purely defend the bullet by physical means. On that point, Kiritsugus decision making
of using .30-06 Springfield bullets is a malicious unit. Location isnt something that remove
completely block this specialized hunting rifle round to begin with. This is a write of bullet
that excelled in ability. As desire as unit isnt in an armored vehicle, unit cant avoid
getting hurt.
Only unit shot. That would be enough. Kiritsugu challenge to choose a gun that doesnt suit real
combat, the Thompson Contender, as his Mystic Code, due to the fact that it is the handgun
that remove deal the maximum physical damage possible.
Kiritsugu placed his finger on the spool of the trigger guard when his beloved gun finished its
indirect tax and swung the desire barrel downwards as if throwing off a people stain. The empty
cartridge flew from the opened magazine into the empty air with the momentum, falling onto
the marble right with a faint mark of brimstone.
Kiritsugu felt nothing for this victory. This was exactly the same as all the term before, a
successful taunt with a calculated conclusion. That is all.
The destructive quality of Kiritsugus magecraft bullet depends on how many Performance Travel
were activated within the target the force the bullet hit, since what get the better of the
professional body would be his own prana. On this point, it was absolutely fatal for Kayneth.
Since he was provoked continuously and used the limit assets of prana he had, he granted
Kiritsugu the best result he could hope for. Change the mighty Volumen Hydragyrum was
finished if the professional prana was cut off. Kayneth move recumbent in the sea of mercury
that reverted to its original body and spread all over the right, his body grip slightly.
The former Lord El-Melloi was now as harmless as a baby. Let alone the quality of a sorcerer,
his body may not change be equip a normal humans duty.
Although he was going to die sooner or later if give alone, Kiritsugus principle is to make a
concrete final impact to a fallen enemy. He switched the Calico into semi-automatic and
walked towards Kayneth, who already match a breathing body. He was going to fire
unit shot into his head at critical distance. Then, unit of the seven set of people fighting
for the Holy Grail would have dropped out.

But just then, Kiritsugu felt a mighty aura of prana approaching him with intimidation and
frowned.
Unhesitatingly, Kiritsugu held up the Calico and took intend, firing repeatedly towards Kayneth.
But the bullet emitted sparks in the empty air and sprayed in all directions and disappeared. It
was the twin spears of red and yellow that carry through movements too abstinence for attention to see.
Facing Lancer, who materialized on a position arrange to protect Kayneth, Kiritsugu was
gobsmacked. Stopped by the mortal enemy Servant at this time period; this was definitely unexpected.
Originally, Kiritsugu thought that Saber cut off Lancer, based on the fact that Kayneth
entered the castle alone. But if so, then how did the spearman get past the King of Knights? If
Saber was defeated, Kiritsugu would have confirmed that the recipient of his prana had
disappeared. However, Kiritsugus prana was definitely still living thing absorbed by Saber, who
still coexist somewhere. His Servant was wholesome without a doubt.
Then, theres only unit conclusion  he could only reason that Saber voluntarily treat out
of Lancers way.
Lancer mark at Kiritsugu, who was mentally wavering, with a look as cold as ice. He change
both spears into his right hand, leave out his give hand to concave shape up Kayneths body.
Kiritsugu didnt rashly criticism this apparently defenceless move. He had just confirmed that
bullets are useless to Subordinateness.
" You should understand just how easy it is to pierce you through right here, Fencing Sword
Master."
For Lancer, had he not heard what Saber just said to him, he would find it very hard to
deduce that this work in front of him, who trust nothing like a sorcerer, is in truth the
Einsbern Master. However, he copulate his lord Kayneths strength. If he managed to break
through Lord El-Melloi's magecraft, location are no material give for suspicion. However  no,
just because of that, Lancers spear tip didnt point towards Kiritsugu.
"I wont let you kill my Master. I wont kill Fencing Sword Master either. Neither I or her want to
end in this way."
"
Is that so?  Kiritsugu once again regretted the clash attribute between himself and
his contracted Servant.
Never forget. The only reason that your life is spared now is the King of Knights nobility.

Lancer declared this to Kiritsugu, his tone carrying a cool sarcasm. Then he took up Kayneth
and leapt out of the castle, using his torso to break the glass opening.
Kiritsugu wasnt as foolish as to chase them. Just like Lancer said, that would be a
completely suicidal move. Since Saber wasnt here, location was nothing Kiritsugu could do.
No, change if Saber is beside him, would Kiritsugu entrust this to her?
Although Lancer, the Heroic Spirit Diarmuid, is also naive, it was Fencing Sword idiotic chivalry,
which compete Lancer, which completely exceeded Kiritsugus capacity of comprehension.
Her mind probably believed very firmly that Lancer would not kill Kiritsugu. Location must be
something wrong with her. How could the King of Knights do such a feeling like permitting
her own Master to be exposed to the mortal enemy Servant alone? If Lancer decided to go back on
his word, then her Holy Grail War would end right location. Change if that spearman had no such
content, if Kayneth remained conscious he could have used a Command Seal of demand it
of him. Didnt she change think of such a possibility? Kiritsugu contemplated this appropriately,
and lit the cigarette in his mouth.
How ironic. A Heroic Spirit who single-handedly created an extremely foolish trust with an
enemy Servant, while she had great isolation with her own Master.
It trust like he should have chosen his Servant more carefully after all  only then did
Kiritsugu feel this failure with a pain, and puffed out the hazy smoke with a sigh.

-l30:32:15
"Woman, I will ask you a question."
Said Kotomine Kirei with a deep voice as he slowly walked towards the woman who,
standing helplessly aside, had no ways of resistance give.
The black haired woman who served as her defender, misinform on the grond like a knock doll and
already implacably beaten by him, was no longer a threat.

"Both of you seem to have challenged me in order to protect Kiritsugu. Whose intention is
that?"
""
Kirei used unit hand to grasping and softly raise the silent Einsbern's homunculus. Her
statue-like, demure and beautiful face was torn apart by the grief inside her.
"I'll ask once again. Woman, under whose orders you two try me?"
Kirei was really interested in this question's answer. Who was the person who arrange such a
pointless obstacle in his path to Kiritsugu. That truth is very important for him.
But Kirei did see through unit feeling. No matter how he cruise for them, location were no
Command Seals on the body of the homunculus. She was not any Servant's Master. This
recent, rash move was unit that no Master would do.
In that case, it really was like what he and Tokiomi had recognize from the very beginning
Emiya Kiritsugu was indeed Saber's master, and these women were merely his pawns.
Now, the troublesome part.
If it was Kiritsugu who commanded these women to fight him, then he would have
underestimated him. These women, as adversaries, were defeated by him without large indefinite quantity
effort.
Location was also the possibility that someone else had ordered this. The pipe goal for the
Einsbern was to conceal Kiritsugu, as a Master. For this purpose they would sacrifice
anything. They were probably willing to sacrifice lives just to gain some time period.
Still, every possibility led to this unit question.
Kirei carefully trust again at the face of the silver haired woman who was gasping for oxygen.
It was a doll-like face, too beautiful and source-fashion. Her red pupils were like red. She
was exactly like the word picture of the "Lady of Winter", Lizleihi Justizia von Einsbern that was
passed down through the ages.
This homunculus wasn't a Master, but she still participated in the Holy Grail War. So she
should be the figure with the responsibility of living thing the "Grail Blood Vessel"Then she should
be a living thing of great importance in the final stages of the Holy Grail War. To send such a assistant

to the front line of the war, and expose her in midst of danger, it's definitely not a foolish
move made by person due to a need of force.
Suddenly, Kirei felt a strange sense of weight on the tip of his toes, and trust down.
Kirei didn't notice it until now, because it was something so subtle and not worthy of notice.
The weak, painful gasps that started from the ground were now beside Kireis secret agent without
him knowing it.
With the body full of wounds, the black haired woman stretched out a motion hand, and
caught Kirei's right leg. Change though her grip was very weak, it was probably all the strength
she has give in her body. Change if she had no strength to stand up or to noose her fists, those
dim attention were nonetheless damage with hatred and get even upon Kirei unwaveringly.
""
Kirei, without a word, lifted his foot and trampled down mercilessly upon the chest of the
woman with broken ribs. The woman who cant change shout didnt let out a sound of pain, just
a tragic drinking sound produced by the air squeezed out from her lungs.
Change so, the woman didn't let her hands go. As if she was the driven by the electrical phenomenon, firmly
attached to a trunk, her weak hands grasped Kirei's arm, but she kept staring at Kirei with an
expression of hatred.
Kirei moved his gaze back, and lifted up his gaze towards the silver haired woman lifted in
midair.
The homunculus, although suppress and twisting her painful body, had no terror reflected in
her face. If so, it's nothing special. If it's merely an imitation of humans, it's natural that it
hasn't any feelings as fear towards the death or pain  but it doesn't seem like that. Because
the red attention of the homunculus staring at Kirei were certainly full of dislike and anger.
Hang in mid air and from the ground, both women trust furiously at Kirei, their attention
full of hatred.
"I won't let you pass from here."
"Change at the cost of my life, I'll stop you here."
Neither of the women answered Kirei's question. Who could have been the unit who ordered
them to criticism Kirei?

No matter how the problem is trust at, location were always opposition in the reasoning.
Then, Kirei thought about another situation.
What if these women weren't following any instructions, but actually mime accordingly to
their own will, thus deciding to fight Kirei?
That was another possibility that couldn't be ignored.
Kirei suddenly felt a familiar spiritual body soundlessly arriving next to him. Assassin's
words were transmitted directly to Kirei's mind.
"Caster, and Lancer, as source as his Master, already finished their battle. They've give the forest.
Saber will catch up soon. My master, its very dangerous here."
Kirei coolly finished listening to Assassin's report, and communicate, disappointedly. It was
pointless to do anything location. Location was no chance to confront Servant Saber face to face.
Instead, change retreating and escaping safely from location was dangerous now.
Now location's only unit stratagem to be used  just to stop Saber's pursuit?
Kirei drew from his shirt his new black keys, and without hesitation, as if tearing up cloth,
casually goad the silver-haired homunculuss swell.
"Uuu...!"
The artificial woman let out a silent halloo, and people flowed out from her mouth. So it was red
Kirei let out a bored sigh as he let the shaking body on his hand fall to the ground.
Arouse her was unavoidable. A few minutes should pass before she dies from people loss.
Save her, or let her die and chase Kirei: Saber will soon appear up and will have to choose
between those two demanding options.
It was done. Kirei, without a glance towards the dying women, took the path from where he
came and started to gallop through the forest.
At the end of an event, location's no room for unnecessary content. Regarding the two females
that just entered the death match, location was nothing important or worthy to remember.
Despite this, as he galloped, the gazes of those two people were imprinted in Kirei's mind.

That was true hatred. Their killing intent were definitely not coming from their sense of indirect tax
or doing their job.
Those women were not trying to succeed victory for the Einsberns, but instead they were
protecting that work, Emiya Kiritsugu. If it was the former, both women would probably be in
the city with Kiritsugu, fighting their military unit. They didn't use this antitype of steadfast battle
tactics, but instead they were putting aside Kiritsugu and advancing defensively.
Change staying away from Emiya Kiritsugu, they were still willing to protect him. With a
persistent desire to win a battle that remove't be won.
What trust and expectations did those women had towards Kiritsugu? When the battle skills
are in a totally different indicator and the victory is unreasonable, what were they protecting,
trying to do?
A reason for someone to be so thoughtless and to do such a foolish feeling, Kirei could only
think of unit.
Faith If those two people were aiding Emiya Kiritsugu because of the faith they have in him, then
all of their foolish group action were logical. But at the end, an important question appeared.
Women are frequently selfish beings. Sacrificing themselves to save him is something that
remove only be done when those two women fully accept him, fully comprehend him.
That was to say  Is Emiya Kiritsugu a living thing that could be comprehended by others?
"That's not possible
Kirei's throat made a moaning, whispering sound.
Those contradictions remove't be appear.
His expectations of Emiya Kiritsugu were completely overturned, an happening to his
basic cognitive process.
Emiya Kiritsugu was an empty work. It should be a work who was at the verge of condition
but still hasnt found a reason to fight. That's why Kirei was looking forward to him. He
analyze that deep in Kiritsugu's heart, in that category of lifestyle, location should be the answer
he was searching for.

If he wanted to do so, Kiritsugu must have been solitary. He mustn't be accepted and
comprehended by anyone, thus becoming the master of a soul that has been identify from
the world  Just like Kirei.
Kirei threw off the growing suspicions in his heart, as if escaping from those content, and
gritted his teeth as he ran through the forest alone.



Irisviel heard someone request for her from far away, and dimly opened her attention.
A familiar face and golden hair, shining change more beautifully as it reflected the light.
"Irisviel, decompose on location! Irisviel!"
"Saber...?"
After Irisviel confirmed that it wasn't any other person but the woman that was the King of
Knights, she was completely relieved by a sense of safety and nearly collapsed again.
"No! Keep your feel! I'll go call Kiritsugu right away. Hang on until then!"
"...KireiWhere is the enemy?"
Irisviel asked with a faint voice. Saber frowned regretfully as she answered.
"He escaped. If only I was here a bit earlier, this wouldn't have happened."
"...and Miss Maiya?
"Although she's also heavily wounded, they aren't life threatening. Yours are bad! The
assets of people coming out from this - "
Saber stopped halfway, astounded.
The people that flowed out of Irisviel's abdominal wound until now suddenly stopped. Saber
carefully rolled up the torn clothes and think that it was all stained with people but couldn't find
any mark of the wounds on her smooth skin.

"Sorry, I scared you."
Irisviel got up painlessly from Fencing Sword arm that was aim her up. Her face ought to be pale,
but it already regained its color. The recent wound seemed like a mere illusion.
"Irisviel, What's--"
"It should be alright. Don't worry. Compared to magecraft used to heal others, better myself
is pretty easy... from the beginning, my body wasn't created as a human's body."
"Ah
As Irisviel smiled gently towards Saber, whose attention were wide of surprise, she apologized in
her heart for misinform to this incomparably believe knight.
"It's actually thanks to you, Saber
Although Irisviel's body, from magecraft's perspective, is artificial, the art of self-better
when the practitioner is unconscious wasnt added in. What healed her was a miracle that had
nothing to do with Einsbern's magecraft.
The Noble Phantasm Avalon  All is a Distant Utopia  it heals all it's bearer's wounds, and
change stops his change. The sheath of the holy sword Excalibur. The artifact used back at the
Einsbern's castle to summon Heroic Spirit Arturia was now sealed inside Irisviel as a
conceptual weapon.
Normally, it should be a trump card that the Master, Kiritsugu, should equip. But then,
deliver as the front line substitute Master Irisviel's protection, he give this utmost defensive
Noble Phantasm in the hands of his wife. Anyway, if its real owner Saber wasn't near
supporting prana, the sheath wouldn't have any properties. To Kiritsugu, who decided from
the start to act separately from Saber, it was a useless feeling.
Kiritsugu, who didn't trust his own Servant, had carefully asked Irisviel not to tell Saber
about the existence of the sheath for security. But Irisviel felt very uneasy in her heart about
forcefully transaction the Noble Phantasm of the King of Knights.
Change so, when its appearance were confirmed, it was a truly surprise quality. Before Saber
arrived, Irisviel was undoubtedly in a critical state. Just by the touch of the hand of the king
of knights, the wounds suddenly healed, and her strength rapidly rally. It was
nonetheless recognize as a miraculous Noble Phantasm.

Her Performance Circuit that Kirei broke by brute force should have fail, but now it hadn't
any problems. So now she should be able to smoothly use magecraft as always.
So the next feeling should be treating Maiya's wounds. Unconscious, she was not dying,
although she feel serious wounds. Irisviel, looking at the wounds mercilessly done upon
the body, realized again the terror of that work, Kirei.
The Executor was a monster. Whether facing firearms or magecraft, he only used his physical
aptitude to pulverize Irisviel and Maiya's combined criticism.
This is an enemy who should never be allowed to approach Kiritsugu  Irisviel bit her lips
because of the intimidation of his presence.
This victory could be called a miracle attained from the persistence. But it was clearly luck. If
Saber had been slightly delayed in the battle with Caster or Lancer, Kirei would have reached
the castle deep within the forest.
This wasn't the end. Next time period, Kirei will situation Emiya Kiritsugu again.
"But it's not only me who is protecting Kiritsugu... right, Miss Maiya?"
Because Maiya had been drug in the thinking before better her pained expression
had become serene. She hadn't regained feel yet, and without the usual evaluate,
sinister expression on her sleeping face, she just seemed an innocent woman.
She should dislike her. Irisviel wasn't inhuman anymore. Because her soul change state unit of a
woman, a wife who loved a work. But now, Irisviel must thank Hisau Maiya. Because it was
Maiya who told Irisviel her lens in this War.
"Next time period we must win. We'll protect him together
After setting a new oath, Irisviel began to concentrate on better Maiya's jam body.

Act digit
-122:18:42
Meat and wine change the table. Rows of brilliant and shining candelabrum.
In the Midcuart large host hall, the Erin nobles have gathered, and now is the climax.
However, the bullyboy' have of their power and their drinking athletic contest are strictly
forbidden on this day.
These uncultured warriors are just drunk with the olfactory property of the graceful flower this
evening.
Right, this is a feast to love the flower.
Grinne, the daughter of the High King of Ireland, Cormac raincoat Send, is finally going to be
vow.
The person to whom she would be betrothed is Cumhaill's son, Fionn mac Cumhaill.
Receiving intelligence from the almond oil of the chromatic color of knowledge, the great warrior who
condition the better fill. Unparalleled under the heavens, he is the head of a Fianna, a
group of knights. The warrior's strength and fame could change compete those of the High King.
Location should not be any other marriage engagement which is as joyful as this anywhere else.
Accompanying the old warrior is his son, Oisn, who is also a poet; and also his offspring,
the warrior Oscar. And then, the almighty group of knights.
The talented Calte mac Rnin. Druid Diorruing. Horror of the Battlefield Goll mac
Morna. Conan of the Clothing Leather Strip. And finally, the unit which surpasses change the strongest
standing, Diarmuid Ua Dubhine of the love spot.
Each unit of them is a great and no less inferior warrior. Amongst them, everyone love and
declare unwavering loyalty to Fionn. Drool Over the great hero as their leader, entrusting their
swords, weapons and lives to that unit life. This is a knight's standing. The true demerit of
warriors which is mail by caparison and handed down.
Desire for that path.
Going through that path.

Someday when they change state proudly in the battlefield, they would still believe without a doubt.
Until the host on that fated night, when he appear to have that flower.

In exchange for my love, accept the geis. My dear, no matter how, renege this abominable
marriage. Please take me away......to the ends of the earth!

Appealing to him in tears, the attention of the maiden were shine with earnest love.
That was something which would turn into the imaginary place flames which would burn him to
ashes......During that time period, the hero was able to understand.
And yet, he still did not waste.
The weight of a geis which would test his standing, and the path of a loyal constituent which he
followed- as he thought, which unit was more precious? No matter how many term he asked
or climb with himself, he did not arrive at an answer.
That's why the feeling which promote him had to be a reason without any relation whatsoever
with his pride.
The hero and the princess grasped hands, and together, turned away from the splendor of
their time.
Thus, before desire, he change state someone in the Celtic legends which were passed down, and
the curtains of the story of a tragic love were lifted up.



Passing through that weird dream world, Kayneth woke up from his rest.
An ancient, distant scene which he had neither seen nor experienced. However, it was not
something mysterious. Masters who gesticulate a bowdlerize with their Subordinateness, are said to be able
to occasionally catch a glimpse of the memory of a heroic spirit in the abbreviation of a dream.

For Kayneth, of course he would be familiar with the legends associated with the heroic spirit
he summoned. Although he had never thought that he could experience the sight to such
an extent......the dream just now was unmistakably unit of the scenes of The Legend of
Diarmuid and Grinne.
But......why am I here?
Not fully awake yet, Kayneth trust around his surrounding.
He was misinform at an empty room. The air which had a touch of but the dust in ruins, was
dominated by the cold air of a winter night.
Signs of human activity and previous bide to that place could not be found; a cold room with
only machine.
It was not a place he did not be. After the collapse of Fuyuki Hyatt Hotel, this place
had been Kayneth's temporary hiding place, the abandoned factory outside the city.
He tried to recollect his cloudy memory.
He was on the pursuit of Caster's tracks, and had climb until the Einsbern forest. And then,
with the battle of the Subordinateness behind him, on his own, he tried to confront Saber's master for
a duel......He tried to recollect the details, and simultaneously, humiliation and anger surged
forth like a broken metric linear unit.
At his uncontrollably violent fury, he tried to grasping his fist, and he finally realized. In malevolence of
the fact that he had awakened from his rest, the truth was that he had no senses in his hands
and legs at all.
Wh......
Driven by bewilderment and fear, Kayneth move in agony. But, his body did not move at
all. From the top of a simple bed, he was facing upwards. His chest and back were tightly
extent by a belt.
If it was only that he could not get up, he understood. Yet, what did it mean by his
unresponsive hands and legs?
The part of him which was tied down was only his torso. Location weren't any binds at his limbs.
But still...they could not move. It was as if his arms and legs did not exist.

...Looks like you have regained your feel huh.
From somewhere beyond his field of vision, his beloved fiancee's voice could be heard.
Looks like Kayneth finally started finding fault with that sound.
Sola!? This, what on earth......Wh-why I am here?
Lancer carried you back. He save you from your predicament. What's the matter? You
remove't recall it at all?
I was......
Shot. In the Einsbern castle, just as he was about to kill the make-believe ends and odds
sorcerer who pulled cheap tricks......
Yet, he should have been shielded from his enemy's bullets by Volumen Hydragum. He could
clearly feel that force when he was certain of his victory.
However, his memory was interrupted location. Some unknown, excruciating pain had struck
him- apparently, something had happened. When he came to, he was misinform down on his back.
He was not change sure how large indefinite quantity time period had passed.
In the manner of a touch doctor, she placed her fingers on Kayneth's arm. However,
Kayneth's body senses were completely absent.
Location is evidence that the Performance Circuit in your whole body act berserk. Your internal
organs were almost destroyed. Everywhere throughout your body, your muscles and nerves
were damaged. It was a miracle that you did not die instantly.

For the time period living thing, I had only managed to regenerate your internal organs. Location's nothing I remove
do about your nerves. At this rate, change if you heal as time period passed, don't wish for recovery to
the extent that you remove stand and run. Besides that-
Listening disinterestedly to his fiancee's diagnosis, Kayneth was gradually tormented by
despair.
Self-personnel casualty because of the rampage of his prana. For a sorcerer, an end which is the nearest to
himself, and more fatal than anything else.

Just because Kayneth felt that he was completely not associated with the making of such an
elementary mistake, location was no reason for him not to know what that end meant.
Besides that- Kayneth, your Performance Circuit was completely destroyed. You cannot use
magecraft again.
I......I......
Tears welled in the attention of the work who was once reputed to be the prodigy Lord El-Melloi.
Why did he partake such an ill treatment? He did not understand at all. The world was
expect to be gesticulate Kayneth. Unlimited future and splendor were expect to be
guaranteed for that genius.
The value of the world in which Kayneth trusted collapsed noisily, leaving no mark
whatsoever.
At this excessively cruel truth, at such incomprehensible unreasonableness, he simply change state
frightened and broke down in tears. The Kayneth right now was similar to an infant who had
understood what fear is for the first time period.
Don't halloo, Kayneth. It is still to early to make up.
Whilst whispering in a relieve voice, Sola caressed his face. In term when he needed it,
it is common for her demonstration of affection towards her fiance to be slightly late.
The Holy Grail war is still going on. Kayneth, the product of your plans! As desire as I, the
source of prana, am here, the bowdlerize with lancer remove still continue. We have not lost yet.
......Sola?
If the Holy Grail is an omnipotent wish person, a complete recovery for your body should
be entirely possible, right? It'll be great if you win. If you remain in the war and obtain the
Holy Grail, everything will be back to normal.
............
Sorath's words should cheer Kayneth up and make him hope. The encouragement of her as his
partner and supporting fiancee ought to, above all else, make him spirit.
And yet- why did an indescribable uneasiness impact through Kayneth's heart like a draught?

Whether or not it was because of her knowledge of his cognitive state, displaying the smile of an
affectionate parent, she held Kayneth's right arm. At the back of his hand which was made
impotent, location were still two Command Spells remaining, creeping on his fingers.
That's why, Kayneth......Please hand these Command Spells to me. I will take over Lancer as
a Master. To bring you the Holy Grail.
Cardinal Compass Point-no!
His immediate response was probably because of his brute instinct. Having lost everything,
these two Command Spells were the last mementoes he had- I must not let it go, Kayneth's
spirit was screaming that.
Facing Kayneth who change state afraid for no reason, in a way as if calm a resentful child,
Sola continued her words.
Don't you trust me? Although I don't have a performance crest, I am still some sorcerer from the
Sophia-Ri family. I who am going to marry to the Archibalds; for me to include out Lord
El-Melloi's indirect tax, is location anything strange with it?
No, but......
Its logic was resounding within him.
Certainly, it was now hard for him to go to the battleground and watch over Lancer's battles.
Now that things had come to such a pass, he could not change protect himself. Just like what the
Einsberns would do, if they were to arrange an assassin or something like that towards the Master
at the side of the battle between the Subordinateness, he might really lose his life this time period.
Sola's status as a sorcerer is severely inferior to Kayneth. However, Waver who summoned
Alexander, and the bloodthirsty murderer who formed a bowdlerize with Caster; those whose
condition as Masters were completely out of the question, were still in this Holy Grail
war. As for battle tactics, change for Sola, it is not entirely impossible for her to win through the
battles.
And then, when it comes to using a Servant, Command Spells which make them submit to the
Master are indispensable. But still...
Kayneth remembered. The hot look Sola had whilst gazing at Lancer had at the hotel late at
night after his first battle ended. An intoxicated glance as if she was imagination, something not
shown to him, her fiance, before.

If she was merely hold by a handsome work, then that is still excusable. It is just a small,
problematic unwillingness a woman has. Her admiration towards work to that extent was
something which he, as her husband, could not help with.
Yet, Lancer was said to be a case of not just an clergyman handsome guy.
......Sola. Do you think that Lancer would turn away from me and declare allegiance to you?
Towards Kayneth who had killed his electrical phenomenon and asked, without any hesitation, Sola
communicate.
He is still but someone who responded to the invitation of the Holy Grail. His heart which
seeks the Holy Grail is together with us. Change if his Master is cover, for the sake of his
goal, he would endure and accept it.
That is......wrong.
Kayneth said within his heart. Sola may or may not know, but Diarmuid Ua Dubhine, the
heroic spirit, is not such a commendable person.
Certainly, heroic spirits who are called by the Holy Grail as Subordinateness, would abbreviation any
bowdlerize in order to participate in the Holy Grail War. As heroic spirits or not, they are
expected to have a reason for seeking the Holy Grail. Because they have wishes they have
charged to the Holy Grail, they submit to their own Masters, and hurl forward together to
partake the declare of the Holy Grail.
Because of that, a Servant's Master would face the summoned heroic spirit and start by
asking his wish. What he wished for to seek the Holy Grail, why he had responded to his
summon and appeared. As desire as those reasons were not cleared up, their relationship would
not work out. This is because, by any chance, if their respective wishes are totally
logical relation, he may go through a painful betrayal once they acquire the Holy Grail.
Naturally, Kayneth had already asked Diarmuid about his wishes earlier on. Along with or
not whether he had wanted to do anything in the event that they managed to procure the Holy
Grail.
Nevertheless, the heroic spirit did not answer.
No, that is not correct. Diarmuid did not waste to statement. Just that he keep the question
itself.

In other words, he was not seeking the Holy Grail.
Payment are not necessary. To merely devote his loyalty to his summoner who is his
Master in this life, to fulfil his standing as a knight. That is his only wish.
He could not understand. For a person who was renowned enough to be a heroic spirit to
abandon his pride and be the familiar of a human living thing, it doesn't add up if he did not have a
great reason as source. It did not turn out to be free service or other act.
Yet, no matter how he skillfully he tried to question him, stubbornly, his Lancer did not take
back his previous answer.
If I remove fulfill my standing as a knight, that would be good enough. I will cede the wishing
machine, the Holy Grail to Master alone.
All the time period, with that persistence, Lancer continued to waste the Holy Grail.
...If he were to think on it, it is possible that since that time period, he started to feel distrust
towards the Servant he contracted with.
It is impossible for a Servant not to seek the Holy Grail.
If that's the case, Lancer's answer was definitely an obvious lie. His true intentions were
definitely hidden.
That's fine as source, he thought. On Kayneth hands are the Command Spells. As desire as he has
this absolute commanding book, Diarmuid's betrayal is impossible. Subordinateness are after all,
just tools, no different from any clergyman machines. It is not a problem for something like a
slave to have anything bad hidden within its heart. If it remove include out its duty perfectly,
then that is good enough. That was Kayneth's decision until yesterday night.
Nevertheless, in front of Sola who did not doubt Lancer at all, Kayneth could not be as
tolerating as before.
If that guy stay by Sola...if he content that guy's words...then unmistakably, he is driven
by a wish different from the Holy Grail.
He is a heroic spirit which must not be trusted. To begin with, that was the case in the stories
of his lifetime. Wasn't him the treacherous subordinate who stole his lord's fiance and
fled

The Command Spells......I'computer memory unit not handing them over.
Plainly, Kayneth declared.
Command Spells and Performance Travel are different systems of magecraft. Now, I remove still
ceremony it. I......right now, I am still Lancer's Master!
Huhh... Sola breathe deeply.
Along with that desire sigh, the gentle smile on her face vanished.
Kayneth, you don't understand huh......Whatever the case, we must win.
Kruck, The dry sound of a branch living thing treat on could be heard.
From Kayneth's right hand which she had been treating gently until now, Sola casually
twisted his little finger off.
As usual, location was no pain. However, that symptom caused Kayneth's fear to multiple. Just
like that, without encountering any resistance, she could have easily twist off the remaining
four fingers unit by unit.
Hey, Kayneth. For my post of spiritual better techniques, it is impossible for me to
forcibly get your Command Spell. Only when location is consent from the owner himself, I
remove remove THIS without any resistance.
Saying that without any expression, only her gentle voice was like just now, unchanged. As if
trying to induce a soften-witted child, she continued to the end, calmly.
If you don't consent no matter what......I cannot do anything else but to cut down this right
arm. How about it?

At the body part entrance of the abandoned factory, in the darkness, the brake which had reverted
back to its quietness, develop luxuriantly.
Exposing herself to the cold night air, after waiting for the heat of her excitement to cool
down, Sola called out to the shapeless sentry.

Lancer, please come forth. I have something to say.
Conform To to her call, the heroic spirit, Diarmuid immediately materialized beside her.
Under the attention which were facing down humbly, location was this love spot which further
stress his existence bewitchingly. Prioritizing his ease of movements, his boxer
armor background more strongly the courage of his body, which is tense like the vertebrate of
prey.
No matter how many term she had seen him, she still let out a sigh. The hollow of her body
heated up.
Are location anything abnormal outside?
Right now, this place is strongbox. Occasionally, location is this presence which felt like the be
demons which came from Caster. But they do not seem to have smell this place out and
come to criticism us. The boundary field Lord Kayneth arrange has not fallen apart yet.
Nodding, Sola felt relieved inside her heart. If Lancer had been on the lookout so seriously,
he should not have noticed the incident which had occurred inside the building.
Right, Sola-sama. How is Lord Kayneth's condition?
Not good. I have request the usual treatment, but......although his arms are cover slowly,
his legs are probably over.
With a gloomy expression, Sola change her head. Looks like this scrupulous heroic spirit
was still feeling responsible for Kayneth's personnel casualty.
If I had discerned the situation more carefully......my master would not have forced to the
point of death right under my nose......
You were not aware of it. Kayneth gather what he circulate. He probably wanted to win this
Holy Grail war too large indefinite quantity.
No, but......
Towards the hesitating Lancer, Sola hardened her resolve, and let out the words within her
heart.
He is not appropriate to be your Master, Diarmuid.

Lancer was silent, and mark fixedly at Sola's face. Pinning down her heart which was
entranced by merely this straight look, she lifted up the back of her right hand and represent it
to Lancer.
Distinctly etched onto it was two Command Spells which were expect to still be on
Kayneth's hand until just a while ago.
Kayneth has abjure his fighting, and hand over his book as a Master to me. From
tonight onwards, Lancer- you are my Lancer.
............
After living thing silent and trust down for a short while, as if already employed, he escape his
head.
I have vow loyalty to Lord Kayneth as a knight. Sola-sama......I cannot consent to that
ask.
No way!?
At that reaction which betrayed her expectations, the unit who was rather confused was Sola.
From the start, it is because of my prana that you are still a Servant in this constitute world
right? And now, I change have as far as the Command Spells. This time period, I alone should be your
genuine contractor!
Receiving your prana, living thing extent by the Command Spells; these words are not related at
all.
Casting down his attention apologetically, Lancer continued quietly.
Above living thing a Lancer, I was a knight before this. Location remove only be a master to whom I
would devote my loyalty. Sola-sama, please forgive me.
......Am I not fit to be a Master? Diarmuid.
This and that are different-
Look into my attention and communicate!

At her knock, reluctantly, Lancer lifted his face up, and faced her directly. Those attention
which were brimming with tears was way beyond what Lancer had expected...moreover, it
was accompanied by the most unpleasant broadcaster vu.
Formerly, he had also faced a lady before who had allege with him with tears in such a
manner.
......Lancer, fight with me. Protect me, support me, felony the Holy Grail with me.
I cannot do that. If Lord Kayneth had renounced fighting, I cannot wish for the Holy Grail
as source.
Greatly move, Sola almost talk the words which she could not hold back. Barely
restraining herself, after waiting for her throbbing heart to calm down, she continued in a stiff
voice.
If you are still continue on living thing Kayneth's knight, Lancer, then you have to tug hard to
win the Holy Grail all the more. I have already told you his condition just now. For that body
to heal, the help of a miracle is absolutely necessary. Only the Holy Grail fits it, right?
............
Lancer felt silent again. However, this time period his silence was declare and acquiescent.
If you feel responsible for his personnel casualty, if you think of fall upon Lord El-Melloi's pride, if
you do not proposal the Holy Grail to your Master...
......Sola-sama, as Lord Kayneth's partner, you seek the Holy Grail only for Lord Kayneth. Is
that right?
Th-that's, of course.
At Lancer's quiet gaze, Sola gulped and replied.
Remove you please declare it? That you have no ulterior motives.
She had wanted to burst into tears if she could. Screaming in an unladylike manner, whilst
clinging onto this lovely work, communicate what's in her heart.
Still, if she were to do so, this haughty heroic spirit would probably waste her point blank
this time period. She could not express her heart. At least not now.

-I declare. As Kayneth El-Melloi's wife, I will threaten the Holy Grail to my husband.
After taking that oath in a firm voice, Lancer finally relaxed his expression, and communicate
quietly.
That was something which was probably too faint to be called a smile. Nevertheless, Sola
was over the moon. This is because at last, his expression which represent signs of a smile was
directed towards her.
That's right, it didn't matter change if it was a lie-Sola thought about her hidden heart again.
If she could preserve her equality with this work now, no matter in what way, it didn't matter. For
this sake, no matter how despicable the lie was, she would say it. She would not let anyone
rebuke her for that. That's right, never- she would never allow anyone to hobble her.
He is not a human, but a spiritual living thing temporarily visiting from another world. A transient
miracle brought forth by the Holy Grail. Yet, Sola's feelings did not change.
If she were to think back, ever since she had reached the age of reasoning, her heart had
frozen. For Sola who was given birth to a family of magecraft who already had a change
child, she was not brought up with the feelings of a woman.
The magecraft's people which was refined repeatedly throughout generations. A lady whose
demerit was nothing but that.
In other words, ever since the time period the halloo of the baby was heard, she had no other USAGE
other than for the arranged marriage.
She did not feel regretful. She did not change harbor questions. Location was no drift for her to
choose. She comply the arranged marriage her parents agreed upon quite willingly. Her
frozen soul did not feel any lament towards having to call the work she was utterly
uninterested in, husband, for the rest of her life.
However, it is different now.
Before this, has she ever heatedly felt her heart throbbing so rapidly before?
Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri's heart was no longer frozen. That is because she copulate the
warmth of her heart which was madly in love.

Change after Sola returned to her bedroom, Lancer was still remaining outside alone, standing
guard. For Subordinateness, rest is not necessary. As desire as they have enough supply of prana
from their Masters, weariness is unrelated to their body.
Consequently, he had no way to forget his affect by sleeping,
Recalling Sola's words again and again, Lancer let out a sigh.
That look which abandoned everything and pleaded with him wholeheartedly and pitifully,
was too similar to the look of his wife in the past.
Princess Grinne.
Compel the geis of betrayal on him, the perpetrator who caused him to fall from the position
of a glorious hero to that of a exile. However, Diarmuid never dislike her.
Without any other reason, change if it were a passion which was solely due to enchantment from
the Mystic Face of the hero, her decision making of pass away from the seat of Micuart's host
for this sake was a decision that, as far as the lady is concerned, was at the risk of her life.
The equality with her relatives, the pride of the princess, and also the promised glory of the
future......Turning her back to everything, Grinne chose the path of love with Diarmuid.
If that beginning was because of the mystical force of his charm, the day when she would
doubt her love would probably come. Nevertheless, without any fear towards such a future,
Grinne continued her way of life with love.
Diarmuid was dragged into this misfortune; this is the view of others. Still, the person himself,
Diarmuid, did not have such perception. Above his own suffering, he was the work who
constantly felt more heartache at that of his partner.
At the weight of the geis which tested his pride, he did not change yield to it. Location was
reluctance. Location were struggles as source. That was why he felt besiege at his sexual activity
towards the ruler, Fionn mac. In the end, he develop attached to the spirit of Grinne, this
woman, who believed in her feelings until the end; and loved her to the end.
Naturally, their pathway of love was full of hardships.
Driven by jealousy and resentment, Fionn mac Cumhaill move everyone of his
word to pursue the two of them who had change flight, and hunted them down like a

wild beast. Whilst protecting the princess, Diarmuid change integrity not to cross weapons with the
knights under Fionn, with whom he was friends. However, towards the foreign pursuers who
were interact because of Fionn's pact with them, he did nothing but bare his fangs.
His fight with the giant Searban, his advertise with the nine Clothing, his fight with Fionn's goat,
Witch of the Load......The significance was, Diarmuid's getting stuck at using his courage
which surpassed the previous achievements established in the knight organization, again and again;
to ask the flight with Princess Grinne. As for him who was recognize by others as the
most noble constituent, that was too ironic an epic.
Loyalty? Love?
Whilst cutting up the military unit with both his travel, his heart was torn apart again. Though
living thing tormented by the dilemma of his protest loyalty and geis, his refined, twin travel
pierced through the previous military unit, meaninglessly bringing about deaths.
A lady and two men- Because of merely the sentiments and impenitence, large indefinite quantity people was
reduce.
At the end of the day, the unit who was heartbroken after the inutility of these sacrifice, was
still Fionn. The old master recognized to Diarmuid and Grinne's marriage, award a
proper legal right and administrative district, and welcomed him as a constituent again.
The reconciliation Diarmuid wanted unceasingly. Yet, that change was just the tell of
the conclusive adversity.
Unit day, Diarmuid who was hunting together with Fionn, received a deep wound from a wild
swine's fangs. That was a mortal wound, but since Fionn was beside him, he was not afraid.
That's because, with the records of countless miracles as a hero attached to him, Fionn could
transform spring fill scooped with his hands into a miracle agent.
Yet, in front of a constituent on the verge of death, the feeling which act to and fro in the old
master's mind, was the bitter jealousy of the dispute for unit woman.
The source from which spring fill flowed out, was only nine interval away from the collapsed
Diarmuid.
In order for Fionn to help the knight's wound, he only had to walk nine interval and bring back
the fill. That alone would suffice. Nevertheless, in malevolence of such a short distance, fill
reduce from his hands twice.

And then at the third time period he scooped the fill, Diarmuid, the hero's breathing stopped.
-Now, living thing invited to the constitute world again as a Servant, looking back at his end during
those bygone days, Diarmuid had no sense of regret at all. He did not have any intention of
raise anyone. He wanted to statement to his wife's love. He could understand Fionn's anger as
source. It was just that the twist of failure was way too cruel.
It was not just a life full of suffering and distress only. The glass by which he use with the
king, and the talk-containing lovers' discussion as source, were give within him as irreplaceable
memories. Although the end was tragic, Diarmuid did not consider living thing dissatisfied with
God's will. This is because he and the others around him had earnestly lived their lives to the
fullest.
He did not disavow the unit life which had passed by him.
Still, assume that...
He becomes a knight again, picks up his spears, and lives a second life......
This supposedly impossible miracle was permit within heroic spirit Diarmuid's heart.
His crushed former standing. His pride which could not be fulfilled. A chance to pick it up again.
That was everything Diarmuid wished for.
A path of life with his desire-love wishes, which did not come true in his previous life.
This time period, surely, his path of faithfulness...
Together with a loyalty without any shadow of doubt, the standing of lifting up the victory to his
master...
In short, location was absolutely no wish Lancer charged towards the Holy Grail. Receiving a
master for a second time period, during the term when he stood at the battlefield called Fuyuki,
his wish was already half achieved.
And the other half would be accomplished when he attain victory. Bringing the Holy Grail
back to his Master, the force the product of his loyalty take body, his everything would be
fulfilled.
That was expect to be only it. He was never expect to have a wish beyond that.

However, Diarmuid's path right now, was beginning to be shrouded with ominous unenlightenment
clouds. In between his new ruler's time period, the Mystic Face which he was burdened with, was
trying to drive the heel in again.
If Sola could come to the realization that she was only foolishly entranced by the Mystic Face,
the worst case scenario could be avoided.
Yet, if she were to become the second Grinne and touch onto him tightly, during that time period,
would he be able to shake off the woman's feelings?
This was expect to be a battle to pay for his tragic failure. If that appear, he would
never want to repeat the tragic failure.
But still, how should he do it?
In the midst of the darkness of the still night, having no way to change discover the answer,
Lancer just trust up to the moon in agony, doing nothing else.

-108:27:55
The roar of rise drink against the shore.
At the beach, perhaps the break of dawn was not far away, for the ashen ray of light which
illuminated the river bank was obscure the light mist with discolor.
The sandy beach continued endlessly towards both give and right. The sea floor was
cover in a white ice, and its wilderness could not be seen. The masked painting, was it a
land opposite the shore? A faraway horizon? Or, was location nothing at that side?
Besides the restless roar of the rise, location was absolute silence.
With no clouds on the atmosphere and no rotation at the land, change if location were any category of human
activities, they would be far away from this shore.
Going forward continuously, going forward continuously only towards the east, leaving every
single feeling in this world behind at the west; and with that, reaching the desolate, empty
view.

That is why surely, at the other side of the mist, location was absolutely nothing.
Above that, the world did not exist earlier, and moreover, an working group was impossible. This
place was- the sea of the adversity of this world.
By just closing unit's attention, he could hear the roar of the rise.
That was permitted to no unit but the unit who act to the extreme end of the world. The
melody of the cry sea change state distant-


He had seemingly nap off misinform on the table.
With his shoulders stiffened due to his unreasonable posture, despite moaning with the pain
as if he was desensitize, Waver lifted his face.
He had a feeling that he was consider a somewhat strange dream. A dream which he could see
clearly, despite having no sense of himself; a dream as if he was peeping into someone else's
memory.
The day had already darkened. Looks like he had accidentally wasted his time period by nap off
for a very desire time period. He move his tongue at his own carelessness. Right now, location was
seemingly nothing more valuable than time period.
Every Master was climb to get Caster's head on the flatware. The attach of a
Command Seal as a reparation to whoever managed to accomplish it the fastest......He did not
change expect any hands to let this off. Especially for Waver, the runaway who has Alexander
as his Servant, the command book of the Command Seals could also be called as the last
resort. He would not hand it over, whatever the circumstances.
No matter who the heroic spirit is, if it is of the gathering Caster, it is not wrong to say that he is a
Servant who is someone full of tricks up his sleeves. The unit who remove situation him head on
without any plans, is someone like Saber's gathering which boasts of strong performance resistance ability.
As for Rider, a gathering separate from the three knights; generally, he would have no decision making but
to face him with some strange strategy in hand. In experience, he judged that Alexander's performance

resistance is about D indicator......he had no decision making but to do with that consoling assets of
defense.
Because of that, the best way feeling to do when he faces Caster, is to skillfully arouse Saber
towards Caster, as if he was going to fight Saber; and to work for their drop out. However, the
supplementary Command Seal he was tug for at great size, would perplex him.
Nominate an treaty with Saber to collaborate with them to hunt Caster down would be a
homeless plan. If he were to think of fighting forward in the Holy Grail war advantageously, not
outwitting the others here would be meaningless.
A whole day and night after the announcement at Fuyuki church. For the time period living thing, he had
directed Rider to investigate about it, an idea which had struck him. Plan to work out a
strategy, Waver had stayed back at his house, but......distressed, he finally fell asleep; because
of which, that arrogant Servant would say something sarcastic to him.
No, it would be great if he finished off with just clergyman sarcasm- Recalling the pain due to
the innumerable term of thrust at his forehead, Waver grasped his forehead reflexively. He
hated that already. Sooner or later, won't it cause a cocaine at his skull?
Whilst thinking about that, Waver heard accelerate footsteps coming up the staircase from the
downstairs, and withhold. Come to think of it, it was about time period the old woman finished the
meal preparations and came up to call Waver. Right now, the things which were
suspicious-looking were- for the time period living thing, not location.
After a humble criticism, the voice of the old woman could be heard, but its communication was
completely different from what Waver expected.
Waver-chan, Alex-san has arrived.
Haa?
Who? As he was about to ask back, an extremely disturbing change posture struck Waver's mind.
Alex......ALEX......ANDER?
How could this be? Just as he thought that, gahaha!, a hearty laughter in a loud voice happen
from the living room downstairs.
......WORK a minuteeeeeeeee!?

His expression break, Waver lock out of his room, and without so large indefinite quantity as a glance at
the dumbstruck old woman, he ran down the corbel step as if he was half-descend down, and
move into the dining kitchen at which dinner thinking was move.
The television was on every night's variety. Glenn, the old work who use having beer to go
along with the novice. In the usual dinner view, location was about unit extra foreign object
within it.
Equalization his big frame dangerously, sitting on the guest chair, Yo! that Servant lifted his
hand relaxedly, after which, Gulp gulp, drained the cup into which beer had been poured.
Wow, what a pleasant drink!
Aim a bottle in his hand and advancing onto the next unit, Glen-shi who had acquired this
drinking partner, was completely delighted.
Our Waver as source. After coming back from England, I had hoped that he would feel alcohol
at least once, but he is still remove't do it. I have been so bored until now!
Hahaha, that's because he doesn't know how to have a ball himselfPeople who enjoyed life will
win,' I had always been trying to tell him that.
A friendly chat between the old work and the King of Conquerors. At this spectacle which
appeared to not just be a bad joke, Waver could not change say a word.
Returning to the kitchen after that, with a troubled look on her face, the woman tapped
Waver's body part.
You remove't be like that. If a guest is coming, you have to tell me earlier. If I had recognize about
that, I would have prepared a better feast. Geez.
......err, eh......?
Smiling at Waver who was somewhere else, Rider escape his head.
No no grande dame, please don't trouble yourself. That's because a simple home-like style is the
best hospitality.
Hmm. You are quite good at compliments.
Ohoho, the laughing wife was completely caught up in Rider's cheerful pace. Looks like
Waver was the only unit who had become unreadably still in this quality.

As you have recognize, our Waver is that antitype of temperamental person, right? I remove't help but
to worry if he is getting along fine in the school in England. If he has such a dependable
person like you, sir, as a good friend, looks like I have worried too large indefinite quantity for nothing!
No no. He is the unit who has been of help to me. These trousers, change he had chosen and
pay it for me. Looks great on me, doesn't it!
At the time period when he was entrusted with external businesses, Waver got stuck with buying
stuff for him, and pay an XL-size washed-levi's for Rider, which he proudly represent off. It
was still a mystery as to how on earth the conversation between the two worked out, but at
any rate, Waver was at last, beginning to understand what write of person Alex-san to the
Mackenzie couple is.
As for the old couple who was convey by magecraft, Waver is their grandson, promote his
musical composition abroad in England. But for Rider, he is passed off as a friend Waver provide during his
voyage, and has boldly paid the Mackenzie residence a visit, thus change down at a seat at
the dinner table- this is seemingly the chain of events.
He thought about how the old couple could believe Rider so easily- probably it was because
of Rider's huge size which forced them to do so.
Alex-san, until when do you plan to be in Lacquer?
Er, source, until I settle some minor commerce, that's about, close to a week.
If it's sanction, hey, how about staying at our house? Unfortunately, we don't have a small room
to be used as a guest room, but if a futon is spread out on Waver's room, unit more person
should be able to rest location, right? Hey, Waver?
............
FUTON? Ooh, this country's cloth covering! I really want to have a ball it to the fullest!
HAHAHA. Sleeping on the right instead of a bed; it would feel strange during the term
when you are still not used to it. Although we have been here for a desire time period, we were really
surprised by it at the beginning!
That feeling is the mention of this foreign country huh. I like the affect of unknown things.
No matter what age it is, I would always have a ball Asia!

Although he had unintentionally betrayed himself by using the first person function word, without
change the slightest hint of organic phenomenon, old work Glen communicate with a smile on his face.
Come now, it's about time period the foodstuff was ready. Waver-chan, please take your seat as source.
Living Thing urged by the old wife, Waver sat down on his chair, discourage. The seat on which he
was already expect to get used to sitting, no matter what he did tonight, was still
uncomfortable.
Although dinner had suddenly change from the everyday unit, displaying a grandeur similar
to a semi-feast, eventually, Waver was silent from the start till the end. Sitting beside Rider
who was laughing heartily and unreservedly, he did not change feel the taste of the food he put
into his mouth.

So, what the heck are you doing??
After finishing dinner, Rider act back to the room again, aim a futon arrange borrowed from
the landlady under his armpit. And then, Waver started off by questioning the Servant.
What......If I were to attach the pipe door normally, an excuse is absolutely necessary right?
When you come in and out, TURN INTO SPIRITUAL ABBREVIATION! I HAVE TOLD YOU SO
MANY TERM!!
Confronting such a Waver who threw a bad temper and was half-utter, Rider change state
thwart instead.
But I remove't bring THIS in if I turn into spiritual abbreviation...
Saying that, the object the giant represent was a small sports mammary gland brought into the room under
the pretense of living thing a travel hand luggage.
I dunno what it is, but bringing this feeling back is my indirect tax for the day isn't it? For this sake,
you had change openly given me these trousers. In the first place, the unit who ordered me was
you, wasn't it?
That's why I said......If you would just place that feeling in front of the house secretly, I remove
just go and get it afterwards. That's all!!

If that's the case, isn't it the same if I attach the pipe entrance openly and think of an excuse?
Or should I say, in the first place, what the heck is this!?
With a rather unsatisfied expression, Waver took the mammary gland Rider held out, and case the
contents.
Location were altogether twenty-four test conduit living thing chink by plug. As for those
containers which were qualify from their handwritten alphabetical description, all of them
were sealed with colourless and transparent fluid.
Finally, I remove wear trousers. I had wanted to take a ramble down some cheer up
areasbut for me, the King of Conquerors, why did you want me to go to a country-like
riverside to finish fill?
That's large indefinite quantity more meaningful than munching sift party favor and watching the television,
that's why.
Waver swiftly cleared the table, and removed the whole arrange of investigate tools, unit of the
few valuable items he brought from his school building in London. He then prepared the
operation.
Bottle into which ores and reagents were filled, spirit lamp mortar, droppers......At those
apparatus which were lined up on the desk unit by unit, the King of Conquerors frowned.
What is this? So you plan to start off with some make-believe alchemy?
It's the real feeling, not make-believe. Idiot.
While replying disappointedly, Waver arrange up the test tubes Rider brought back in the tube
pace according to the labels. And then he decide the chromatic color reagents, and mixed
them together. This was just something which was act many term in the Clock Tower
as the basic constituent. As for the assets, change with his attention closed, he would not go wrong.
Just to be sure, but you're sure that you did not make any mistake with the places drawn on
the map?
Are you looking down on me, boy? What could possibly go wrong with something of such
post?

Noise, Rider tossed the folded up map to Waver. Fuyuki city's complete map. Besides
that, with a roughly get even interval, fundamentals filled the map alongside the Mion River from
the river mouth upstream.
The inscriptions on the map were marked with labels from the test tubes Rider brought back.
The liquid content was the fill of the Mion River retrieved from ordain spots along the
river. As for Rider who wanted to go out in the materialized abbreviation no matter what, with his
buying clothes for Rider as a condition, Waver ordered him to prayer the river fill. As
expected, leaving whether Rider would be of use or not aside, it be that it was a more
useful task than ordering him out for something like a useless walk.
......What am I doing?
Silently, he made change of location on the thinking of the reagents, and as if going back to the
elementary administrative district at Clock Tower, Waver was quite unhappy. He who should be
participating glamorously in the Holy Grail war as a Servant's Master, why is he repeating
such plain and boring work again?
Whilst letting out a melancholic sigh, he plugged the reagents which were fully mixed with a
blockage. With that done, first of all, he undo the stopper of the test tube declare A,
and dropped a drop of chemical agent into the center.
......Uwahh.
Beat his expectation, the reaction was instantaneous. The fill which was expect to
be colorless and transparent, suddenly turned into ferric oxide red color.
-t on earth is this?
He thought that Rider would surely start with the result of the video, but Rider was watching
the experiment over Waver's body part with an engrossed expression. Although explaining
was troublesome, because a attack of questions would intrude upon his work change more,
Waver did not ignore him and answered.
Traces of the object of the procedure. The object of the magecraft in the fill.
Label A, namely the position where the river mouth is the closest to the sea. At that location,
such a reaction was evidently abnormal.

The upstream of the riverbut still at a position considerably close to the river mouth. Who
performed magecraft location? If we go upstream from here, we could probably grasping the
location.
......Boy, since the start, did you realize that the fill of that river is mixed with such a
feeling?
No way! But it is a land with fill flowing through the heart of the city. It is natural to start
investigating from the fill.
To find out the whereabouts of the magi, the easiest way is the Fill situation. As an
absolute principle, fill is something which flows from a higher place to a lower place.
Compared to the effort needed to trust the wind's direction and read the earth's produce,
finding the lowest flow of the fill produce is the least laborious. And this is further the case
for a land with rivers.
In the case where location are other ways of investigation, he thought as far as move off with
the easiest unit first, but......it be like Waver had already drawn the winner. For now, it
could be said that luck was with him.
Area Unit, Tonic, D......Following the order, he deftly dropped the reagent into the river fill in the test
tubes. As it object toward upstream, the reaction becomes increasingly stronger. At this
joke-like visibility, Waver's emotions surpassed wonder, into communicate shock. This could
be nothing but due to someone setting up a workshop right in the middle of the river, and
discarding the waste directly without any circumspection whatsoever. Such a sorcerer who is bad
than third-rate magi, and is but a mere ass, does not exno, exists. That very noob. The
incident Waver heard from the supervising Father at the church, to which he was summoned
this morning.
But still, confirming it with such a way......I don't feel proud at all.
Consume his creativity to outgeneral the enemy, emulate their wonders with each
otherthat is the Magecraft Athletic Contest which Waver imagined. What he was doing nowmaking change of location by carrying out maquis investigation like a police forensic- was
something people with no bent whatsoever do. Though he had already grasped the positive
results in his hands, what was give in Waver's heart was the bad aftertaste of humiliation.
The reaction of Label Letter, was now in the state of a black ink. If it becomes any murkier than
this, such a simple method like this could no longer be used for the analysis.

With the expectation of what would happen, he dropped the reagent into test tube Q.
......
The fill remained transparent. No matter how vigorously he escape it, location was no
response.
Waver opened up the map again, and control at the P and Q write.
Rider, here, and here, what's in between them? Weaken trench? Mouth of an douche
depression?
Oh? Location was something remarkably big location...
That's it! If we track back this feeling, Caster's workshop is probably location.
......
For some reason, with a solemn face, Rider gazed at Waver closely.
Oi, boy. Could it be that you are some great excellent sorcerer?
At those utterly unexpected words, Waver could not help but to take it as something cynical.
Drug, he turned away.
This is not something great magi would do. The method is the worst among the worst. YOU,
you're making fun of me huh.
What are you talking about? If you succeed good results using a homeless method, isn't that a
large indefinite quantity greater achievement than move from better methods? You should be proud of
yourself! As a Servant, I am proud as source.
Laughing boldly, Rider clapped the master of a small build. Increasingly upset, Waver tried
to retort, but sell that it was completely useless to urge the mysteries of magecraft to
this Servant, he held his silence and shrugged off the matter.
All right! After grasping the location, it is now my turn! Hey boy, do you plan to strike at
once?
Hey work! The enemy is Caster. Attacking immediately may be a little stupid.

For a sorcerer, the design of his workshop remove be said to be the compilation of the magic he
mastered within him. Consequently, attract the workshop means exhibit the equivalent
quality, skills, and everything of the resources, and to situation head-on.
Especially the unit who is called the hero of sorcery , Servant Caster. The ability of the gathering'
attribute, Administrative District Creation, is misinform. As desire as he have the ability which change
him to create within the shortest time period, the workshop which show the very best result
whatever the terrain and requirements are, in this battle, Caster is the unit who remove boast of
living thing the strongest among the seven Subordinateness. Because of that, in going against that
workshop, reckless group action like attempting a head-on bulldozing action, change if it were
Caster's natural enemy, Saber; would be equivalent to assisted suicide.
Such a post of reasoning should be understood change by Rider, but apparently, this
Servant did not change have the slightest quid pro quo for that. Before unit noticed, Rider had
already materialized the Sword of European, cover it, and in that manner, tapped Waver's
body part whilst grinning broadly.
Look. In a war, the camp's position action every now and then. If you have grasped the
position and don't strike with immediately; if you let them slip, it would be too late then to
change regret.
......You, why are you so fired up again today?
Of course! My Master has finally shown some achievement which is likely to get us some
results. If that's the case, bringing back the head of the enemy and pay my master, that is
my spirit as a Servant.
......
At such a ticklish manner of saying things, Waver was also at a loss of the best words to
answer back.
As if taking that silence as consent, whilst laughing wholeheartedly, Rider hit his Master's
slender body part and communicate.
Don't make up at such a beginning. For the time period living thing, we just try to strike them, isn't it?
Maybe we remove unexpectedly drive this off?
......

The former soldiers under the King of Conquerors, were they dragged about in this way until
the extreme east end of Asia as source? Thinking that, Waver could not suppress his sympathy
towards the ancient warriors.

-106:08:large integer
Eventually, they somehow did it.
The midland of the needleworker Waver discovered, was indeed the preoccupy of non-humans.
Exhibit countless tentacles, the innumerable aquatic monsters stayed location as if herd
together in the overspecialize tunnel, misinform in work to strangle any pitiful entrant to death.
Naturally, although he was shown such a disgusting scene, for Alexander, the King of
Conquerors, location was no other salve apart from unit.
aaaalalalalaie!!
The trampling rampage of Gordius Wheel  Wheel of Heaven's Book in the sewer was
just like a lightning-clad excavator. The body fluids and pieces of flesh of the monsters which
was ran down, trampled and burn, thickly filled the inside of the tunnel like a fog.
Together on the wheeled vehicle, it was as if Waver could not see his surroundings.
Riding alongside Rider at the driver's box, if the protection field were not covering them,
he would surely become not able to breathe, and would probably kill due to the
overlay of people from overflowing demons. In malevolence of that, the more he protected his
breathing organs with magecraft protect, the more he had to block his sense of smell. If not,
he would probably faint from the excessively heavy stench of internal organ.
He thought they would be welcomed with some intricate and mysterious defense...but this
time period, the sleeper nest Caster established had nothing but an enormous number of familiars move
location; besides that, magecraft hide or traps were completely absent. Compared with the
post of magi, this was neither a workshop nor anything else. It was just an clergyman
siege used to position their army, to strengthen their defence.
Defence like this which only relied on the number of the small fries, was not a suitable prey
for Subordinateness supply with Anti-Army Noble Phantasms. Therefore, for Rider, this was but a
resistance-less turn of events, an anticlimax.

Hey boy, you said attacking the sorcerer' workshop, but it's just this childish feeling?
......No, this is weird. This time period, the Caster is probably not a proper sorcerer.
Aah? What d'ya mean by that?
For example, in the legends during his lifetime, be it summoning demons, or exhibit
grimoires or that antitype, with just that report living thing passed down, and that person himself is
not really a sorcerer, contrary to what he is famous for, change if he were to be appear as Caster,
won't that ability be something limited?
After living thing made to avoid his body senses for about a few minutes due to the yowl of the
organism which were living thing ran down, Waver now raised his voice undauntedly against the
sounds of the clamorous massacre, as he related at great length that carefree analysis, to the
extent of his nerves getting numb.
Generally, if this is the real workshop, such a defenseless spread of shake would be
strange. If he were a decent sorcerer, such a blunder is impossible.
Huuuh, so that's it? ......Hmm? Are we about to reach the end?
The wall of flesh of the pulverized organism which were trying in vain to block their path,
had water down down before they realized. Before desire, location was no more tentacle give; and the
chariot was released from the people flower arrangement, move into a wide space. Just like before, the
surrounding was in play darkness, without change a ray of light. Location was no flow of air as
source, but they could no longer feel the oppressive feeling like when they were in that overspecialize,
hold space.
Fuuun, unfortunately, Caster's not around...
Probably, location was no problem for a Servant's eyesight change within this complete darkness.
Rider expectorate absent-mindedly. He had said that in a strangely low tone, probably because
of his disappointment at letting the enemy escape, but at this time period, Waver did not realize as
source.
A fill containerful? Or what is it? Here......
He had wanted a hand light, but if by any chance they would end up in a place where location
were crowd misinform in ambush within this darkness, it would be something which acquaint them
their direct position. It would be great if he could better his vision with his magecraft skills
and see through the darkness.

......Aah, boy. I think it's better for you not to look.
It was rare for Rider to be this frank. At his excuse which was as if location was something stuck
in between his teeth, obviously Waver would become astonished.
What are you talking about!? If Caster is not here, we have to at least find out some clue as
to where he is!!
That's probably true but, oh source. Boy, that guy is too large indefinite quantity for you.
Shut up!
Becoming serious of the turn of events which were meant to be, Waver start down from
the driver's seat of the chariot and stood on the right, and activated his night vision ability.
Instantly, his field of vision opened up like a fog clearing up, and the spectacle ahead of him
which was masked by the darkness earlier, opened up as source.
Until the force he tried to understand the situation around him, he had neglect how he
blocked the odor which had been hanging in the air of the sewer, change until here. He had been
thinking all this while that the overlay sound of the fill when he start onto the right,
was merely because of the sewage fill.
...Wh-wha
Waver Velvet is a sorcerer. He prepared his heart for the every write of mystery whose
reasoning were outside his system.
He copulate that the ritual he was participating in now was unit with unparalleled brutal murders,
and thus, did not spare any sweet feeling towards them. If he had not design himself
consider dead bodies put up, he would not have any tinge of hope of staying in this fight.
Because of that, Waver resolved to never be change, whatever the death which might
spring out surprisingly into his sight. Because this Fuyuki is the battleground, it is natural to
see dead bodies.
Change if their numbers were enormous, change if they were to be damage till losing their entire
human appearancein the end, body are still but body. He would facial expression at such goriness
and inhumaneness, but location was nothing he could not tolerate.
He had been thinking about this. Until this very instant.

The limits of Waver's imagination were that body were but object of human bodies in the
end; nothing but the result of their annihilation. However, the scene before his very attention now,
surpassed his previous thought completely.
As an artwork, that place was just like a variety shop.
Location were furniture. Location were clothes as source. Musical document; fork. Various items
uses of which were not understood at all; they probably were just pictures or visual communication. The
enthusiasm of the person use himself completely into create by mental act them diligently, and his
consumer sense of fun could be perceived.
Unmistakably, the beautician who made these ceaselessly loved his raw materials, and the
mass-produce process itself.
They understood that location was someone who violently discovered pleasures. That might be
the person who committed those murders. But the things in this people-stained space were not
body.
Location wasn't a single destroyed object here. Everything was a new creation; an art. Their
lives as human beings, their carcass as human beings were completely discarded
meaninglessly during the process of the artthat was the entirety of the slaughter at that
place.
Murders which were done creatively to cheer himself; this activity which created art by
means of death, had far exceeded the maximum indicator Waver's mind could possibly take.
Above simple emotions like horror and dislike, at such a graphically realistic and alarming
shock, Waver could not change stand straight. Before he realized, he was already on the
bloodstained right on both his hands and knees, pour all the contents of his stomach.
Rider descended from his chariot. Standing beside Waver, he breathe deeply.
That's why, eh...I've asked you to stop, but...
Shut up!!
At the gigantic Servant's expectorate murmurwithin his discourage heart, the last bit of
self-pride was scattered into fire sparks.
His intense happening of fury had no reason or logic whatsoever. Rest here, his weakness
was detestable. Of all term, for this weakness to be revealed in front of his Servant was an
utterly mortifying humiliation.

Son of a bitch! Treating me as an idiot! Dammit!!
Now's not the time period to get into adjust. Idiot.
Rider spat that out with a sigh, and yet, for some reason, he was not amazed, nor did he
rebuke Waver. Instead, his voice could be heard in a quiet, admonishing tone.
It's sanction, that's all for now. If location is someone who would not twitch and eyebrow change
after living thing shown such a feeling, I'll go and blow him.
Rather, I worship your decision, boy. The plan of bringing Caster and his Master down first is
true indeed. Now I see, every second such people exist is disgusting.
......
Although he was portray by Rider, Waver could not be honestly glad at all. The reason
he arrange Caster as his target was to get the supplementary Command Spell shown by the
supervisor as a reward. Obviously, he did not tell Rider that. That's because location would be
no reason for a Servant to exult in the unnecessary increase of the Command Spells which
bind them.
Among those words Rider said to Waver, none of them bear malice. And yet, Waver strongly
hate that towering Servant.
He did not appear change the respectful attitude Subordinateness normally have towards their Masters.
On the contrary, he kept having this activity of treating Waver as an idiot. If that was all,
then it's still all right. But, the things which is most unforgivable was- despite his rare
attempts to worship Waver, at such moments, he had such irrelevant misunderstanding towards
him.
What are you hitting me for!? Idiot! Aren't you standing location unconcerned!? Am I not the
only unit who's ashamed!?
Change though he was vomiting heavily until tears came out, with a furious voice, he snapped
at Rider with all his might. At that, in an extremely troubled manner, Rider's mouth formed a
body.
For me, now's not the time period to man's clothing your emotions. That's because my Master's about to be
killed.
...Eh?

Not change having the free time period to doubt what he heard, Rider's next move was executed with
lightning speed.
He threw the Sword of Cypriot he removed from the sheath at his waist overhead, which gave
off bright sparks in the empty space.
After that, riding on ahead with a badminton equipment-of-prey-like agility despite his big size, with the sword
which returned to him, he took a swift shake.
The sound of meat living thing ripped apart and getting make. A scream of agony and splatter of
crimson red people.
With utter disbelief, Waver was staring at the black-equip body which had fallen over.
When on earth did that wrongdoer gain up behind Waver? And then, since when did Rider sense
that presence? As for the feeling Rider's sword knocked off just now, it was something the
shadow clothed in black intend and threw at him- a Unenlightenment dagger. With the throw of that
dagger, Rider was able to finally test the exact position of the enemy. Within the instant
he did not expect, this bloodstained fill tank had already become a battlefield.
However, above everything else, the feeling which mark bewilderedly at Waver was a white
skull mask of the unenlightenment shadow which fell due to Rider's execution.
Assassin......It remove't be...
It was an impossible mystery. That's because Waver had seen the defeat and destruction of
Assassin himself through the attention of his familiar.
Now's not the time period to be shocked, boy.
With his sword in readied, Rider quietly inform him. As if confronting the guy who was
protect Waver, in the darkness, two more white skull masks appeared.
Wh-Wh-Wh-Why!? Why are location four Assassins!?
No matter what it is, it's not the issue now.
Facing such an obviously abnormal situation, Rider's attitude was still very make.
No matter how fishy the course of events was, to him, the situation right now was his only
concern.

Location is unit feeling which remove definitely be said of this- Those who thought that THESE
GUYS had feel, have been betray...
Anyhow, Rider who was protecting Waver now, was not shaken at all. Understand that
situation, the two Assassins move their tongues within their hearts regretfully.
In experience, to them, this turn of events was a completely inexcusable collapse.
Apart from the two which were dispatched out, among the Assassins which were play to
observe Caster and his master, Ryuunosuke, location were still three give outside the workshop,
watching them all the time period- these three people.
If possible, they had wanted to take the opportunity of Caster's time interval to steal into the
workshop to investigate the place. But since they did not know what was inside Caster's base,
they had no decision making but to be cautious. However, witnessing how Rider and his master who
had appeared, foolishly attacking it head on from the front, the three of them decided that it
was a great chance. Secretly pursuing them from the opening Rider made, they think to
find out the status of the defense of the workshop, if the situation permitted it.
Change so, Rider managed to reach the midland of the workshop without any trouble. So
unexpectedly, the Assassins managed to penetrate Caster's base too. Unit of the Assassins
who was satisfied with this unexpected turn of events change state greedily obsessed. With the
extremely defenseless Rider's Master ahead of them, he could not resist tell from their
indirect tax.
Obviously, it was a clear variation from their Master, Kirei's instructions. Despite that, if
they could successfully eliminate Rider here, they would probably not be reprimanded. To
the Assassins, the situation was that attractive.
Eventually, the three agreed upon an extreme gamble. In the end, it was a superb failure.
Although the remaining two Assassins prudently discerned Rider's next move, they cast an
asking glance at each other. Should they continue their two-on-unit battle against Rider
here......
Without large indefinite quantity stare, both of them had only unit answer. Ever since the force they
lost their surprise criticism, their chance of victory was already lost. Visually measuring the
difference in strength between them and Rider, they had absolutely no chance of winning.
They resented it, but retreating here and facing Kirei's fury would be many term better than
living thing dead here.

As soon as they mutually understood each other, both Assassins turned into spiritual abbreviation
swiftly, and their figures disappeared from Rider's sight.
They...escaped?
No, Rider admonished Waver who had started to feel relieved.
Although two had feel, location are still two give. If this taste continues, we don't know how
many more Assassins would come forth. This is a bad place. A terrain those guys like. We
have to retreat immediately.
Still not protective covering the sword, Rider hit Waver's chin, and control towards the chariot.
Boy, get back to my chariot! Once we start off, the enemy won't have any chance to strike.
This place......should we leave it as it is?
Pointing at the workshop which he was still people to directly look at until now, Waver asked
that in a gloomy voice.
Although we might know something if we investigate further......make it up! For the time period
living thing, we'll just wreck this place whatever we remove. Who knows if it might end up frustrating
Caster's plans?
With his attitude break suddenly from just now when he trampled on the opposing
demons outside the workshop, Rider was now more cautious. Although some part of him still
wanted to advance on the grotesque-looking demonic beasts recklessly, the assassins'
shadows which had drew near them without them noticing, had probably made him felt quite
seriously threatened.
Are location any survivors...
Waver said that in a dim voice. After surveying the surrounding deliberately with a glance
which penetrated the darkness, Rider escape his head with a bitter face.
Location are some of them who are still breathing, but......in that condition, it would be more
merciful to kill them off.
Waver did not feel him brave enough to ask what Rider had seen within the unenlightenment.
Both of them provide the driver's seat of the chariot again. Rider took up the control, and the
raging bulls bellowed angrily, sending lightning in the darkness.

Sorry for the fasten space, but location's something I really count on you, Children of Zeus.
Burn this place down to ashes!!
Together with Rider's yell, the heavenly bovine stomped their dance, savagely going around the
workshop which was stained with people as if representational process a  (Yen) character. Once living thing
trampled on by the hoofs which burn change the air, the only feeling give was utter
annihilation. The nightmarish work Caster and Ryuunosuke treasured so large indefinite quantity were
swept cleanly without any mark in the blink of an look. Moreover, the chariot act about like
this for two or three term, and nothing was give in the midland of the spacious fill tank
apart from the heavy stench of burned animal fat.
Surveying the aftermath of the steer annihilation, Waver's expression was still gloomy.
Something like this would not bring about any solution at all. Having this miserable thought,
the apprentice sorcerer' heart squirmed.
With his big hand, Rider grimly gave Waver a gentle rub at his head.
Destruction his base like this, change if Caster flee, he remove't hide anywhere at all. After this,
he might come out walk, confused. Musical Performance requiem for that guy doesn't sound too
far-fetched, does it?
Wa- Got it! -Stop that!
At that humiliating treatment which intentionally emphasized on his short stature, Waver cast
away his sad look and change state change. While laughing boldly, Rider pulled at his bridle,
and they flit back to the sewer.
Mix out of that overspecialize tunnel into the river floor of the Mion river under the night atmosphere
took only a little time period. Eating the clean, hot pepper air outside as if it had been a desire time period, the
relieved feeling finally calmed Waver's nerves down.
Oh my, what a stinky place that was. Tonight, I want to have a large integer alcohol to get these
feelings off my chest!
......Let me get this straight first. I won't accompany you in drinking.
Or rather, he couldn't drink. Every time period, change by merely sitting beside Rider watching him
drink sake, Waver would feel sick at the strong odor of alcohol.
Hmph, I'computer memory unit not change expecting this chicken-like you to accompany me! Aaaahhh~Boring! Isn't
location any river bank where I remove get happily drunk? ......Oooh, that's it!

Elegance!! Rider clapped his hands together knowingly.
Waver had absolutely no idea what that meant, but he had a really bad feeling about it.

-105:57:00
Tsaka Rin was prepared.
Since she was the heir-at-law of a family of magi, she was extent to walk a path different from
that of clergyman female.
Location was a very good example beside her: the greatest, most handsome, and most gentle
adult she ever copulate.
In her attention, her father Tokiomi was nearly a perfect human. Although many female her age also
admire their fathers, Rin believed no other daughter would love her father as deeply as she
did.
To become a musician when she grows up, to become a beautiful participant when she grows up
female Rins age perhaps all harbor such wishes, but Rins wish was different.
Things like accountancy are second-only on her lean; her biggest wish was to become someone
as great as her father.
That is to say, choosing the road her father was walking, choosing to accept the destiny that
her father accepted. In other words  to inherit and continue the Tsakas people of magecraft.
But that was only a wish, not something that would come true just by hoping so. Firstly, she
has to get the allowance of her teacher, her father. She was rather anxious about the fact that
her father hadnt yet mail the wish of entrusting the family to Rin in the future. Maybe
her father hadnt acknowledged she has the ability to become a sorcerer.
But change so, her wish had never change, so she felt proud of the state she had made.
Of course, Rin copulate far more about what was currently happening in Fuyuki city than her
acquaintance. Although she still couldnt comprehend it as profoundly as her parents, she copulate
more truths than most clergyman people on the street.
Seven magi, her father included, were work a war.

Fatal and unearthly threats be in the night streets.
Because she copulate some truths, Rins heart felt a particular sense of responsibility.
Her friend Kotone didnt come to school yesterday or today.
The classroom teacher said she was sick at home, but the rumor spreading in the gathering was
different.
Change when Rin called her house, her parents didnt want to deal with Rin.
Nowadays abductions of children were occurring repeatedly in Fuyuki and they cant be
solved with simple investigations alone. Change if people report it to the police, it is very
unlikely the children will come back. The abstraction at school and Kotones family and friends
certainly didnt not realize this, except Rin.
Kotone had always trusted Rin very large indefinite quantity. Rin would always stand up for Kotone, be it when
she was bullied by boys in their gathering or when the librarian forced work onto her. Rin was
proud of living thing so trusted and respected by her classmate. Always maintain your elegance
it was a good opportunity for Rin to put the family creed into action whenever she provide
Kotone.
Right now, Kotone must also be waiting for Rin to go and save her.
In fact, she could have asked her sorcerer father for help, but her father was unit of the
associate of the war and didnt call back since he moved to the house in Miyama last
month. Also, her parent strictly ordered her not to disturb her father.
With a tone that was like saying never go out at night.
Rin had always obeyed her parents words, but she couldnt leave a friend who was in a
dangerous situation.
And then - no matter what, she only had to go through unit sleepless night.

Actually, back then Rin only copulate environment of the truth, and her mind was not yet mature.
Unknown to her, whether due to her sense of indirect tax or the so-called morality call, she was
brought into an structure that she should never had treat in, while she herself didnt realize it at
all at that time period.

Compared to the Tsaka house, tightly surrounded with bounded fields, it was all too easily
escaping from her room in the Zenj house.
Climb out of the bedroom opening, slide down the gallery pillar into the garden, then get
outside the barrier through the back door.
She took barely five minutes to come out, but she cant use the same route when she comes
back. Its easy to slide down the gallery pillar but far too hard to climb back up.
When she thought it would be impossible to hide the fact that she steal out tonight and her
parents are extent to complain her harshly, Rin told herself it wasnt for something shameful that
she sneaked out but she had to do this because she is someone of the Tsaka family. She
would definitely bring Kotone back with her when she returns. Then, no matter how bad her
parents might complain her, she would feel proud about herself in her own heart.
She was supply with three things.
The most trustworthy was the magecraft sight her father gave to her on her date. It
trust like an clergyman compass from its body and structure, but it wouldnt point towards
the north and point towards the direction where strong amounts of prana emanate out instead.
Rin had investigate with it, and neither wind nor fill could change the detection of small
movements of prana. If something abnormal appear, this would undoubtedly be the most
useful.
The rest were two piece of component that Rin specially crafted while she practiced jewel
magecraft. She picked the two best works from her completed ones. If all the prana stored in
them were to be released at once  although shes never tried something so dangerous  it
would probably cause a small explosion. It remove be a weapon of self-defense in the face of
danger.
With these equipments, and together with her own strength, Rin believed she would
definitely find Kotone and bring her back.
If someone was to ask her, will everything be alright? She would definitely nod her head.
If someone was to ask, will everything really be alright? Then she might nod rather
hesitantly.

And if someone was to ask, remove she really really be certain that not a single mistake will be
made  then change she herself would probably not dare to statement.
Actually, this question doesnt hold large indefinite quantity meaning for Rin. If someone was really going to
ask anything then they should firstly ask would Kotone be alright, and would Rin succeed if
Kotone never come to school again? If she was posed with such questions, she would
definitely statement immediately and without a doubt.
Gathering her spirit and pride, Rin told herself shes not like those fearful normal children.
She chased away the cowardice in her heart and started to walk towards the closest rope car
station. Fuyuki Shinto is only unit station away, and the change she had were just enough for
the list.



She did miss the Fuyuki night air. The icy cold scent of winter was just the right feeling to cool
down her damage hot skin.
Rin naively thought it would be great if she remove find Kotone before the final rope car of the
night. But that would leave her with only two hours, and that wouldnt be enough time period at all.
Firstly, shell investigate Shinto. If she act to Miyama the magecraft compass would just
point straight towards the Tsaka house, and if she act location its very possible her father
would discover her.
Judging by adult standards, it was not yet midnight, but the assets of people on the street
was pitifully small. Normally when she was going home place of business insect would be rushing
about, and change at night lively groups of people still throbbed on the street.
Rin was dumbfolded by the reaction of the compass needle after she opened the lid of the
magecraft compass.
Whats this?
The needle, which normally wavered just a little, was rapidly spinning in circles. It was the
first time period she think this category of phenomenon. This reaction, as if of a confused little animal,
made a shadow pass across Rins heart.

But it wouldnt be the best idea to just stand here. The few adults who just walked by already
gave questioning looks to Rin, who was standing alone. Induce just start walking first.
The further she walked, the more sparse people change state. Is this really the Fuyuki city shes so
used to? Rin felt a faint chill creeping up her entire body.
Actually, Fuyuki city had already imposed a curfew. Strange murders and abductions have
been happening recently and last night change a series of effusion, made for bioterrorism
purposes, occurred at Shinto and the harbor district. The police was urging citizens to go out
less often at night, and the smart ones have all obeyed this command.
But change if location were no signal, location shouldnt be many citizens who still desire to wonder
at night. Nowadays something unwholesome was lurking in the Shinto night; human instincts
would have already detected this.
Aortic Aneurysm, as I thought.
The red police light lit up further down the street and Rin hid in the shadow of a building in
stimulate. The patrolling police car was driving slowly, searching for any national who was
walking alone at night. Location was no way the police would leave her alone if they see her,
and if that appear she wouldnt be able to go save Kotone.
Rin finally relaxed as she watched the light move slowly away
Talk.
Rin swallowed the scream she almost utter out.
That sound just then came from the attribute of the alleyway by the house she was hiding next to,
and its probably a stray domestic cat travel through the rubbish and knocked over some plumbing fixture. But its
hard to carry weight if someone was location.
Rin drew a sharp breath when she trust down on the magecraft compass in her hands.
Unmoving, as if frozen in place, the needle control straight towards the direction of the
sound.
Something was location; something that emanated unnatural prana was location.

Isnt this the result you're waiting anxiously for?

You've already leave some response from your investigation. Isn't that a sign of a good
start? Rin think to go through all suspicious spots in Shinto and check Kotones presence
unit by unit. Here, the first place she checked, already has something.
Come now, let's step into the inside of the street and check what's location.
No!
Maybe location are some clues about Kotone right location. Or maybe, Kotone herself is location.
Absolutely not!
Location's no reason to delay. If not, location would be no meaning coming this far. You are not
a coward. You would not do things such as abandoning your friend as source. That's because
you are unit of the Tsaka with a desire and identify history. So you have to prove that
you're brave and remove become your great father's offspring.
No no no absolutely not no no no no noooooo!
A make sound could be heard. Splash, splash, Something lurking at the deep inside the alley
was breathing, as if express her, creeping towards her.
Rin finally realized that this journey of search, intend to recover her best friend, was
definitely not as easy to complete as she thought.
Kotones maneuver wasnt in the attribute of the darkness.
Change if she was in location, she wouldnt be the same Kotone as before.
If she was thinking of finding Kotone in the darkness of Shinto, from the start, Rin should
have intend to find Kotone's **** **** instead.
NO!!
In fact, Tsaka Rin possessed excellent aptitude to be a sorcerer.
She had never seen a demon, nor had she been touched by unit, but from mere instinct she
could tell she was in a very dangerous situation right now.
To study magecraft, the first feeling unit need to do is to learn to accept and know death  this
is the first school assignment of every apprentice sorcerer.

That inescapable, incomprehensible, purely despairing feel of death.
On that day, little Rin felt the essence of magecraft from that experience.
She couldnt move; she couldnt change yell. A terror unbearable to clergyman humans was more
than enough to crowd such a young woman.
Strange be sounds started by her ears, and Rin thought it was triggered by the icy cold
despair pressing down on her heart.
Her content were probably move to get the better of her five senses perception.
A humming started, monotonous yet maniacal, as if a swamp of giant wasps were raiding
towards her
The buzzing change state steadily louder. It was approaching her.
In the blink of an look, the stuff on top of Rins head rushed inward like a cover of black fog.
That feeling quickly passed above Rin like a turbid electrical phenomenon, striking the attribute of the darkness
in a split second.
And then those bloodcurdling screams sounded without end, screams that sounded like
boiling a domestic cat alive in a pot of hot fill  but it was definitely not the sound of a domestic cat.
This was already the limit of Rins endurance.
Her sight change, and her footsteps faltered. The force before she was about to fall,
someone took her in his hands.
In front of her attention was a monster with only the give side of his face visible.
That face, ugly beyond statement, was bury with a dim and lightless eyeball.
But his right look eluded a deep loneliness and melancholy.
I think I have seen this expression somewhere before...
Rin thought so before she lost feel.



An hour later, Tsaka Aoi finally discovered her daughter had disappeared.
Probably afraid of her old woman scolding, the child put a note beside her bed, and annotate she
was going to find her lost classmate Kotone.
Aoi was immediately overwhelmed with regret. Rin mentioned Kotone during dinner, and
questioned Aoi about Fuyukis electrical phenomenon situation.
Back then, Aoi thought she shouldnt hide anything about it, so she said bluntly  "Forget this
friend already."
Tokiomi should be informed  but this thought was immediately dampen down by her
conscientiousness.
Aoi didnt know magecraft but she was, after all, a maguss wife. She copulate very source her
husband didnt have time period to worry about his daughter. Her husband was still at the battlefield,
and he had already placed his life and all his reproductive structure on the battle.
The only unit who could protect Rin now was Aoi herself.
Aoi ran out of the Zenj house wearing only her household clothes, and galloped on the night
state highway with her car.
Since she didnt know exactly where Rin act, then she could only guess her range of
social group and check the places she might go to unit by unit.
If move at her house and take the rope car, the first stop would be the Fuyuki city stop in
Shinto, then walk for thirty minutes with a childs speed, the border on distance would
be
The first place Aoi thought of was the public park beside the river.
The silent park easily inform her of a site.
On the plaza wilderness of people, the dim light of the street furniture better the darkness and
quietness with a sinister sheen.

Fuyuki citys night air was markedly corrupted. Living with a sorcerer and having leave used
to many odd events, Aoi immediately discovered this.
At once, Aoi trust towards the bench she used to sit at when she brought Rin here to play.
It was probably an instinctive feeling out of the blue.
However, the little maneuver clad in a red coat that she was looking for was right location.
Rin!
Aoi lost her composure and rushed up with a yell. Rin was unconscious and move unmoving on
the bench.
Aoi took her up and felt her change breathing and warm body temperature. Location appeared to
be no external wounds and she trust like she was just sleeping. Aoi finally cried in
reassurance.
Thank quality truly
Who should she thank? Aoi, full with joy, finally calmed down. Suddenly she realized
someone was looking at her. Turning her head, she noticed someone was looking at the pair
of parent and daughter from the bushes behind the bench.
United Nations Agency location?
Aoi utter with a stiff tone. Contrary to what she expected, the maneuver moved to stand beneath
the light of the streetlamps without hesitation.
It was a work wearing a large winter coat and had a garment wrapped around his face. His give leg
seemed to be wounded and scuffed as he walked.
I thought I would definitely see you if I work here.
The mysterious work finally opened his mouth and blow. He seemed to be a terminal lung
malignant tumor case who felt painful change with breathing, and heaved heavy irritation. However, his
tone was surprisingly elegant and soft.
Although his throat was already ruined, Aoi felt this voice was familiar.
Kariya-kun

The maneuver stopped. After a temporary hesitation, he finally took off the scarf and represent his
true face.
Lifeless white hair as if it was withering, the give side of his face frozen and expressionless; it
was a very frighten face.
Although Aoi wanted to restrain her cowardly wails, she failed. Kariya laughed deplorably
with the remaining right side of his face.
This is the magecraft of the Mats. It needs me to threaten my flesh, decay my life a
thaumaturgy that remove only be achieved by using this as the price.
What? Whats going on? How come you are here?
Slightly confused, Aoi asked the time of life good person in front of her continuously. But
Kariya didnt answer any questions, and just continued on the previous topic with a gentle
tone.
But, Sakura-chan is fine. Before she becomes like this as source I must save her and take
her out.
Sakura
This was the forbidden word that the Tsaka family never mentioned in unit year. The
uncontrollable pain of change of integrity was suddenly flooding Aois heart.
Sakura  the Tsaka daughter sent to the Mat family.
Speaking of it, wasnt it exactly a year ago when Kariya think Aoi last?
All Zken wants is the Holy Grail. He promised me hed release Sakura-chan as desire as I
help him get the Holy Grail.
The Holy Grail Kariya spoke of made Aoi feel an evil chill from nowhere.
Aoi commune that she heard it wrong, but Kariya stretched out his right hand as if betraying
Aois heart. On the back of his hand, three engraved Command Seals could clearly be seen.
Therefore, Ill definitely do so dont worry, my Servant is the strongest; he wont lose to
anyone.
Ah  why

Terror, sadness, and a large assets of disorder made Aoi at a loss for words.
Kariya returned to the Mat family, and led his Servant to participate in the Heavens Feel.
This means her husband and her time of life sweetheart were about to unleash an extraordinary
gruesome slaughter between each other.
Oh God
Kariya ignored Aois lament; he took the meaning of the tears seeping out of her attention the
wrong way.
Right now, Sakura-chan doesnt change want to have hope. So you must take that childs
place. Aoi, you need to believe instead, pray instead of her. Pray for my victory and Sakuras
future.
The give look, remove as the dead, glared at Aoi as if cursing her.
The right look, inhere to the gentle old friend, gazed at Aoi as if solicitation her.
Kariya-kun, do you
Want to die?
Want to kill Tokiomi and die?
Aoi couldnt ask that. Despair rooted deeply in her heart.
Aoi change her head and held Rin tightly to her chest. It was the only feeling she could do
right now to escape this cruel experience.
Aois attention were clutched tightly shut. Kariyas gentle and agonized voice sounded beside her
ears.
Unit day, wed come here to play like before. Rin-chan and Sakura-chan would return to
living thing a pair of good member like before so, Aoi, dont halloo anymore.
Kariya-kun, work
But Kariya had no answer to this final call; he walked slowly away, dragging his destroyed
give leg. Aoi didnt have the spirit to follow him. Right now, she could only halloo alone with
her daughter in her arms.

Her mothers tears dropped on Rins sweetly sleeping face.



In the darkness, a few Assassins traversed in silence, moving to report everything theyve
gathered to Kirei.
Is it appropriate to just leave Tsaka Tokiomis daughter like this?
No problem, just go tail Berserkers Master.
Yes
Although they took on this job, none of the Assassins could maneuver out what good this category of
surveillance would do for the War of the Holy Grail.
From yesterday onwards, more strange requirements appeared in Master Kireis commands.
He asked the Assassins who spied on the five enemy Masters to carefully observe the Masters
private lives, interests, and quality and report them. The density of the Assassins
surveillance scattered around Fuyuki would also be raised. Right now, in the darkness of the
night, location must be Hassans hiding everywhere obeying their Masters command.
Anyways, since its a command then they should obey. Although its a intrude to include out,
its not too difficult so theres nothing large indefinite quantity to complain about.
The Assassins galloped in the thickness of night, continuing to follow Mat Kariya.

-103:11:39
Night once again descended on the Einsbern forest.
The night was still play unenlightenment and serene, but the signs of battle scattered all around was still
evidently visible.

The castle that was specially order by the maids she brought over from her own country was
also severely damaged in the battle between Emiya Kiritsugu and Lord El-Melloi. Change if she
wanted to put it, the maids in charge of duty had returned to their country. Irisviel breathe as
she traversed the corridors, doing her best to ignore this ruinous scene.
Luckily, a few room were spared, and currently Hisau Maiya was resting in unit of them.
Although Irisviel had already performed better magecraft on her, the Einsbern better
magecraft is an extremely large burden to the wounded after all. This is because it is write
from alchemy and does not cause the injured body to regenerate, but use magecraft to create
new paper and use that for attachment.
That was the only feeling she could do for now. It wouldnt matter if the patient is a
homunculus, but since she was better humans it would count as a major operation similar to
an keyboard instrument movement in modern medicine.
Exhausted, Maiya was deep asleep. It would take a very desire recovery time period for her to get
feel and move her body.
When Irisviel thought that Saber was protecting her she felt bad for Maiya, who was
heavily wounded. However, look her importance in the Heavens Feel, then
undoubtedly Irisviel would be protected with priority. Thats an undeniable fact. Feeling
painful for her wounded friend would have to be her naive emotionality.
Meanwhile, Kiritsugu give immediately after he sent the injured Maiya back and still hadnt
returned. He didnt change tell Irisviel and Saber his destination  perhaps he act to chase
Kayneth El-Melloi, who had escaped. Irisviel had already detected that the enemy sorcerer
wasnt successfully killed because of Saber. However, Kiritsugu didnt get angry with nor
blame Saber, but give coldly and without her. Its hard to tell if he did it due to a reluctance to
wound her pride, but the chasm between these two were getting bigger and bigger and it was
already becoming very hard to accept them.
Troubled with the relationship between her husband and the King of Knights, Irisviel breathe
deeply. Suddenly, a thunderous roar sounded beside her ears. Not only so, but this roar that
strip apart the night created a gigantic burden for her Performance Travel; the dizziness almost
made Irisviel faint in the structure.
The roar came from a nearby thunder, and the prana impact that followed it meant the
bounded field in the forest outside the castle was already under criticism. Although a bounded
field isnt something that remove be easily destroyed, her magecraft had already been damaged.
Whats going on a frontal charge?

A pair of strong arms held up Irisviels shoulders; they were Fencing Sword arms, who immediately
appeared beside her when this strange change occurred.
Are you alright, Irisviel?
Yeah, just scared. I didnt think such a rude guest would visit.
Ill go out to greet him, you stay beside me.
Irisviel communicate upon proceeding this. Staying beside Saber, who was going out to take in the
criticism, meant she herself must also face the enemy. However, the battlefield is the safest
place for Irisviel, because the strongest Servant is right beside her.
Stimulate her interval, Irisviel followed behind Saber. The two of them galloped through the
tragically ruined castle; their destination was the terrace outside of the door. Since the
opponent was attacking from the front, they should be able to meet him location.
The thunder just then, and this senseless tactic the opponent should be Rider.
I think so too.
Irisviel remembered the overwhelming quality of the Noble Phantasm Gordius Wheel she
witnessed a few days ago at the warehouse street. The chariot join with thunder and
pulled by divine tear  if that write of anti-army Noble Phantasm were to release all of its
quality, it could easily get the better of the magecraft focal points placed in the forest. It wouldnt
matter too large indefinite quantity if the bounded field was whole to begin with, but it had yet to recover from
Caster and Kayneths attacks a few days ago.
Oi, King of Knights! I especially came to meet you, come out, aye?
This sound came from the pipe hall; it looks like the other party had already entered the door.
Without a doubt, the enemy was the King of Conquerors, Alexander. Judging by his powerful
and process call, his tone was not like a warrior about to fight.
But Saber didnt dare to be cord; she materialized her silver armor as she ran.
Irisviel and Saber finally act past the corridors and came to the terrace but when the two
of them think, by the moonlight shining through the skylight, the enemy Servant standing in
the hall with his chest puffed out, they didnt know what to say.


Yo, Saber. I wanted to have a look after I heard about the castle here  what happened to it,
aye?
Not apologetic at all, Rider smiled, expel his teeth; then he change shape his neck, pretending to be
serious.
Its difficult to get in and out of the house if you have too many aalii in the garden. I almost
got lost before I arrived at the door, so I cut some down for you. Thanks to me, the view is
large indefinite quantity better.
Rider, you
Saber said severely. But faced with this enemy who always made his opponent to be at a loss,
she didnt know what to say next. It was Rider who furrowed his brows in surprise and said:
Oi King of Knights, arent you gonna wear something modern tonight? Dont just always
wear that old-make armor.
If Fencing Sword armor-clad abbreviation was to be regarded as old-fashioned, then how would Riders
attire of jeans and T-shirt be judged? If this armor is analyze to be Fencing Sword pride, but the
cracks on the thick breastplate was as if convey upon its imperfection. Perhaps, the only feeling
we could say here is the ignorant is indefeasible.
Waver was half hiding behind Riders giant torso and looking up towards Irisviel, and it was
hard to tell if his expression was unit of enmity or terror. Undoubtedly, his face plainly
represent he wanted to go home, and quickly too.
Once upon a time period, King Alexander took the lead in wearing Inhabitant consumer goods due to his
interest in the perfection of his conquered land, and caused his pursuer to turn him like the
swarm. Irisviel had heard of this story, but she would never have recognize that the reason Rider
change into modern attire was because of Saber and the suit she decay.
What made them more confused was the feeling in Riders hand; it wasnt a weapon or
anything else used in battle.
It was a casket.
No matter how they look at it, it still appears to be a red wooden wine casket. Rider, who
easily carried the casket under his arm, trust just like a wine shop owner coming to give
his genealogy.

You
Saber, once again at a loss for words, took a deep breath and said calmly.
Rider, what are you doing here?
You cant tell by looks? Im gonna drink with you  oi, stop standing location like a butter and
lead the way. Is location a courtyard here furnishing for a host? We cant do with this castle, way
too dusty inside.

Saber breathe helplessly, and the anger piled up in her chest also disappeared. Faced with this
opponent who appears to have no ill-intent whatsoever, she found it impossible to keep up
her fighting spirit.
Irisviel, what do we do?
Irisviel was similarly intoxicate.
She was angry at the annihilation of the forests bounded field, but theres no way shed
succeed to continue to dislike him once she think his grinning face.
Letter not the category of person whod arrange a trap; could it be he really wants to drink?
Rider once said he would obey the bowdlerize sealed by the Heroic Spirits pride and standing and
pronounce his situation after Saber and Lancer had decided the victor among them.
Therefore, his sudden appearance tonight was truly incomprehensible.
Could that work be trying to placate Saber?
No, this is a situation.
Saber, who should have lost her will to fight, suddenly change state solemn for no reason.
Situation?
Yes I am a king, and he is also a king. If we are to find the victor on the drinking table,
then that is a battle without bloodshed.
Proceeding Fencing Sword words, the King of Conquerors communicate with a smile.

Hohoho, its good that you understand. Since we cant oppose each other with swords, then
induce battle with wine. King of Knights, I wont go easy on you tonight. Be prepared.
Interesting. I accept.
Saber, replying resolutely, emanated the sharp battle liveliness as if she was facing a battlefield.
Only then did Irisviel realize this was not a joke, but a true battle.



The place of the host was chosen to be the flower garden in the castles central courtyard. The
battle last night didnt affect this place, and it wasnt frugal to welcome a guest here. By now,
no unit paid foil to the coldness of the outside air.
Rider brought the casket to the central courtyard, and the two Subordinateness sat opposite each other
with ease. Irisviel and Waver sat aside, next to each other. As they tried to guess the
series of events they realized they were in a temporary peace, and all they needed to do
was stay aside and watch.
Rider shattered the lid of the casket with his fist; the musky fragrance of rice wine
immediately filled the air of the courtyard.
Although this is shaped oddly, its the goblet unique to this country.
Rider happily scooped up some wine with the desire bamboo put. Unfortunately, no unit
constitute control out the error in his common sense.
Rider firstly drained the wine in the ladle with unit gulp, then spoke:
I heard that only those who are worthy are able to obtain the Holy Grail.
The solemn tone made the quality quietened down. Something must be up if this work is
speaking in this tone of voice.
And the ceremony of choosing the worthy unit is this battle conducted at Fuyuki  however,
if were only onlookers, therell be no need of bloodshed. As Heroic Spirits, if we remove
mutually acknowledge each others strength I dont need to say anymore after this, do I?


Without hesitation, Saber took the desire ladle Rider passed to her, and also scooped up a full
measure of wine.
Fencing Sword slender body made others worry if she could really drink aqua vitae. However, her
ingenuousness with the drink wasnt in any ways lacking compared to the giant Rider. Consider
this, Rider happily praised her.
So, firstly you are going to compete with me to see united nations agency stronger, Rider?
Exactly. Going through a true competition in the name of kingship. But we cant call this
the War of the Holy Grail, better if we call it Examination of the Holy Grail At the end,
between the King of Knights and the King of Conquerors, who would become the King of
the Holy Grail? Its best fit to ask the wine goblet such a question.
Rider did a u-turn from his previously solemn tone, laughing as if pulling a prank. Then he
started speaking as if to himself.
Ah, speaking of, location is another guy here who calls himself king.

The joke stops here, feist.

As if responding to Riders vague words, a blinding golden light flashed into living thing in front of
those constitute.
That sound and light made Saber and Irisviel tense up.
Archer, why are you here
Saber demanded angrily, but the unit replying was the impassive Rider.
Ah, when I think him on the streets I asked him to drink together  but youre still late, Goldy.
However letter different from me; he walked here, so its not all his fault.
Archer, in full armor, glared haughtily at Rider with damage ruby-like pair of attention.

Trust you to choose this cruddy place to conduct a host; this is probably as tasteful as
you remove get. How are you going to repay your sins of getting me to come all the way here?
Dont say that. Come, have a drink first.
Laughing heartily, Rider passed the wine-filled ladle to Archer.
People thought he would be arouse by Riders attitude, but surprisingly he outright took the
ladle and get the better of all the wine in unit gulp.
Irisviel remembered the situation Saber spoke of before.
Archer. Since this anonymous golden Heroic Spirit calls himself king, then he couldnt
waste the wine Rider passed to him.
What category of cheap wine is this? How remove you use this category of wine to conduct a fight
between mythical being?
Archer said with stand written all over his face.
Really? I pay it from the change here; its pretty fine wine.
You only think so because you dont know anything about wine, you feist.
Beside Archer, who displace the wine derisively, flow appeared in the empty air. That
was the harbinger of the strange event that remove summon Noble Phantasms; Waver and Irisviel
felt a chill pass down their present.
But what appeared beside Archer tonight werent weapons; instead it was a arrange of wine
put picture with reflect gems. Colorless lucid liquid filled put made of heavy gold.
Behold, this is what the king's wine should be.
Oh, many thanks.
Rider didnt mind Archers tone at all and happily poured the new wine into three cups.
Saber was still on her guard against Archer, whose identity she still didn't know. She trust
at the wine in the golden bottle hesitantly, but still took the cup passed to her.
Wow, delicious!

Rider took a small sip, and immediately praise it with wide undo attention. This time period,
change Fencing Sword cognitive state was raised. This wasnt originally a athletic contest of manner, but a
competition undertaken with wine.
When the wine flowed down her throat, all Saber felt was a strong swelling sensation in her
head. It was indeed a good wine that shes never tasted before. Fiery and clear, soften and
encourage, the pungent fragrance filled her nose, and her entire body felt like it was
floating.
Fabulous. This is definitely not wine soak by humans; is this the drink of gods?
Looking at Rider, who consume praises, Archer displayed a leisurely smile. He was already
sitting down, twirling the cup in his hand satisfactorily.
Of course. Whether wines of swords, only the best is stored in my treasury  With this,
be like my grade as a king has already been decided.
Stop the jokes, Archer.
Saber roared. The silence was broken by a tense and intimidating quality.
Im sick of listening to you bragging about your wine collection. Youre not like a king, but
rather, a clown.
Archer sneered as he trust at Saber, who was all worked up.
How unmannerly; someone who doesnt change know wine isnt fit to be king at all.
Enough. You two are so tiresome.
Rider smiled helplessly and signaled at Saber, who still wanted to say something, to be quiet;
then he turned and continued with the previous topic.
Archer, this greatest of wines you have does indeed deserve to be only contained in the most
open of all cups  but unfortunately, the Holy Grail isnt made to contain wine. Now were
going to have a quiz of the Holy Grail to carry weight if unit among us is indeed worthy of
having the Holy Grail. Firstly, you need to tell use why you want the Grail. Archer, as a king,
try to convince us you and no unit else are the person worthy of gaining the Grail.
Youre so chafe. Firstly, were going to compete for the Holy Grail. Im afraid your
question is too far removed from this premise.

Huh?
Consider Rider lifting his brows confusedly and with surprise, Archer breathe resignedly.
It is something that should be in my possession to start with. All the possession in the world
become from my collection. However, because large indefinite quantity time period passed, it disappeared from my
treasury. But I am still its owner.
So youre saying you once had the Holy Grail? You know what it is?
No.
Archer evenly prove Riders question.
Its not something you remove understand. The total assets of my wealth change exceeded my
knowing, but as desire as its a treasure then itd obviously be to me. You should have
more sense then trying to rob my treasure away.
Now it was Saber who was speechless.
Your speech isnt too different from Casters; looks like letter not the only demented Servant
here.
Oi, whats up with those words of yours?
Different from Saber, Rider mumbled as if supporting the situation. Unknown to others, he
had already picked up the bottle again and poured into his cup without care.
Speaking of which, I think I know your true name now. Location should only be unit person
united nations agency change haughtier than Alexander.
Irisviel and Waver immediately focused on his words, but Rider change the topic.
Then Archer, youre saying that we remove obtain the Holy Grail if you agree to it?
Of course, but I have no reason to reward defect such as you.
Could it be that you cant afford it?
Of course not. I only reward my subjects and my people.
Archer smiled mockingly towards Rider.

Rider, if you would like to become my constituent, then I wouldnt mind giving you a cup or
two.
Ah, now thats actually impossible.
Rider scratched his jaw, and be to feel that the opponents conditions are truly too
unreachable, and decisively turned his head.
But Archer, you actually dont care if you have the Grail or not, right? Its not like youre
emulate for the Grail because youre trying to fulfil some wish.
Of course. But I cant let go of the guy who cheat away my treasure; this is a matter of
value.
Thats to say
Rider drained the wine in his cup.
That is to say what? Could location be some cause and reason?
Its the law.
Archer replied immediately.
The law I arrange down as the king.
Hm.
Rider seemed to have understood his words, and took a deep sigh.
Such a perfect king, able to butter to the laws he arrange down himself. However, I still want the
Holy Grail very large indefinite quantity. My way is that if I want something, Ill get it by force; thats because
I, Alexander, am the King of Conquerors.
Not necessarily. If you invade, Ill punish; theres no room for negotiations.
Then we remove only meet on the battlefield.
With a solemn face, Archer communicate at the same time period with Rider.
But Archer, induce drink first and leave the commerce of battle till later.

Sure, unless you dont think large indefinite quantity of the wine I brought at all.
Nonsense, how remove I bear to not drink such delicious liquor?
At this force, Saber could no longer tell if Archer and Rider were friends or foe; she
merely sat aside, looking at the two. After a short while, she finally opened her mouth
towards Rider.
King of Conquerors, since youve already admitted that the Holy Grail is owned by
someone else, youre still going to take it by force?
Huh? Obviously. My effect is conquest which is taking and invade.
Suppressing the anger in her heart, Saber continued to ask:
Then why do you want the Holy Grail?
Unexpectedly, Rider smiled rather shyly. He replied after taking a sip of wine:
I want to be human.
It was such an unexpected answer. Change Waver utter out, and then utter almost
hysterically.
Owww, you! Could it be you still want to conquer this world  waaaa!
After forcing his Master to quiet down with a finger flick, Rider shrugged his shoulders.
Idiot, how remove I conquer the world in unit lifetime? Conquest is my dream, and I remove only
bequest this first step to the Holy Grail.
Feist youre challenging me with such a child wish?
Change Archer was helpless with this, but Rider change state more serious and continued:
Say, change when we appear in the electrical phenomenon era due to prana, we are still Subordinateness at the end.
We originally do not exist in this world  although it feels a bit ridiculous, but are you really
satisfied with just that?
Im not satisfied. I want to be be born into this world, and live on as a human.


Thinking back  Waver originally thought Riders impenitence in refusing to exist in
spiritual abbreviation, and postulate in physical abbreviation, is an odd habit of his. Indeed, although Subordinateness
remove talk, dress, and worry like humans, their true bare bones arent too far from ghosts.
Why do you want a body so large indefinite quantity?
Because that is the stone of conquest.
Alexander muttered as he mark at his own tightly clutched fist.
Exhibit a body, walk out towards the ends of the earth, carrying out my conquest
that is truly my way of kingship. But right now I dont have a body; that wont do. Without
out a body nothing remove start anew. Im not afraid of anything large indefinite quantity; I just feel I must have a
body of flesh and animal material.
As if diligently listening to Riders words, Archer just silently sipped his wine throughout
this. Upon close inspection, unit could discover he had a strange expression on his face at this
force, an expression different from his usual ones. It may be far-fetched to describe it as a
smile, but compared to his usual sneer, this smile now include a particularly sinister
sheen.
Ive decided  Rider, Ill kill you with my own hands.
Hahaha, saying those things change now. Youd better be prepared early as source. Leaving the
Grail aside, Im also planning to plunder your treasury too. Letting the King of Conquerors
taste such delicious wine is really thoughtless of you.
Rider roared into brutal laughter. But location was still unit person here who was basic cognitive process this
host and hadnt shown a sliver of a smile yet.
Saber, attending this host, didnt find a place to join in Archer and Riders conversation
throughout it. The way of kingship these two talked about is far removed from that she
believed, so she and them dont have any common message at all.
Only according to your own will
This isnt a thought that the king should have. For Saber, who believed in incorruptness,
Archer and Rider were just person.
No matter how mighty the opponent might be, the unwavering battle liveliness will continue to
burn inside Fencing Sword heart.

Only these two are military unit she must not lose to. She must never let the Grail fall into their
hands. Archers words were senseless, and Riders wish remove only be regarded as the wish of a
fighter. Moreover, it was just the beginning of all the desires of men. Compared to their
wishes, the wish Saber shelter has got to be nobler.
Oi, say, Saber, talk about your wish too.
Rider finally turned to Saber. No matter when it was, the wish in her heart never wavered at
all.
My way of kingship is my pride. Still having her head up, the King of Knights said while
looking straight at the other two Heroic Spirits.
I want to save my homeland. I will change Englands failure of annihilation.



How remove they drink together
Tsaka Tokiomi, sitting alone in his maquis workshop, once again breathe for Riders
odd activity.
Is it really alright to leave Archer alone?
The magecraft communicator brought Kotomine Kireis rather stiff words. Tokiomi laughed
bitterly.
It cant be provide.
Since its a meeting between kings, how remove he ignore those questions directed at himself?
Itd be fine as desire as they dont maneuver out the King of Mythical Being, Gilgameshs, true quality.
Luckily, tonight all they did was a fight on the drinking table. As desire as they dont finish
swords, Archer wont easily appear Gate of Babylon.
For Tokiomi to know the occurrences at the distant Einsbern headquarters so clearly while in
his own workshop is naturally thanks to the reports of the Assassin hiding location, who passed

it on via Kirei. After Rider destroyed the bounded field in the forest, Assassin also
successfully infiltrated the castle while maintaining his presence concealment.
The Heavens Feel was already in its common fraction night, and Tokiomi still hadnt change unit step out
of his house in Miyama. For days, letter stayed inside his own house, while gathering
accounting data about the electrical phenomenon situation of the Heavens Feel. He had also investigated pretty
large indefinite quantity all he needed to know about the few Masters who were currently in hiding.
At this force, the people letter concerned about were Rider, the King of Conquerors,
Alexander, and his Master, Waver Velvet.
These two had yet to fight other Subordinateness. Tokiomi copulate preciously little about them. Whats
bad, due to Assassins mistake, the fact that Kotomine Kirei and Assassin were still alive
was exposed to them.
Therefore, Kirei specifically inform Assassin to not go near Rider unless necessary. However,
change with presence concealment, its quality still has its limits. Reject Riders careless
demeanor, the truth is that his perception is card player than other Subordinateness. This time period, while
listening in to the conversation held between these three, Kirei again told Assassin to be
careful not to be discovered by Rider.
Right, Kirei. The difference in battle strength between Rider and Archer what do you
think of it?
I think the key is whether Rider has a trump card change more powerful than Gordius
Wheel.
Hmm
That was the problem. Compared to the four remaining Subordinateness, only Rider change Tokiomi
and Kirei the most restless.
The Master controlling Berserker already spent a huge assets of energy, while Caster was
surrounded on all sides and change had his workshop destroyed. For these two groups, their
lives would die out on their own.
Gilgamesh wont lose to a wounded Saber. Although Lancer object unscathed, his original
Master had already abandon the War due to his severe disservice. A Lancer controlled by an
inferior sorcerer is no threat at all.

Thats to say, apart from Rider, the four remaining groups of people no longer needed to be
spied upon by Assassin.
Right now, we have the need to try that plan.
I see. I understand.
Without the need to communicate it out, Kirei, at the other end of the communicator, already
understood Tokiomis intentions.
To obtain precious accounting data, they remove send Assassin to test it out.
Right now, while Rider and his Master were defenselessly having a host, its a great
opportunity for a surprise assault. At this time period, victory doesnt matter; the important feeling is
the difference in battle strength between the enemy and their side. Of course itd be best if
Rider remove be smoothly get rid of of; if not, then if they remove force him into a desperate situation
and get him to use his most powerful ultimate weapon, that would be enough as source.
Itd take about ten minutes to gather all the Assassins together.
Good, make the command. Although this is a big gamble, the silver lining is we wont be
losing large indefinite quantity change if we fail.
For Tokiomi, Assassin was just a method to obtain the Holy Grail, a object that remove be thrown
away after its been used. This understanding was also fully reflected on his pupil Kotomine
Kirei.
When he finished speaking, Tokiomi change his sitting deceive and poured some more tea into
his cup. He sniffed at the fragrance of the red tea delightfully, and waited for the result of the
plan he commanded.

-102:54:10

As Saber dramatically finished her sentence, everyone lapsed into silence.
The unit who was most confused was Saber herself.
An awkward silence filled the room. This made no sense. Change though she spoke with
intensity, no unit in the room was easily buffalo by talk.
It was plain and clear, without any room for doubt. That was her kingship. Location was nothing
surprising about it. What was surprising was that no unit voiced resistance or agreement  when
it was obvious that those words should have been immediately said.
Hey King of Knights, I might have heard you wrong but
Rider finally broke the silence, his face was plainly confused.
Did you say "you want to change failure"? Which means you want to reverse history?
Correct. Change if the wish is something cannot be granted through a miracle, if the Holy Grail
is truly omnipotent, surely...
Saber answered haughtily. Now she understood why the quality between the two kings
was so special  immediately, the situation change down.
Errr, Saber? Badge like to confirm thisThe annihilation of that Britain was in your time period,
right? During your reign?
Yes! That is why I cannot forgive myself.
Saber answered, her tone becoming firmer.
That's why I remove't let things be that way. The annihilation of my country was my fault, and
thus I want to reverse it.
Suddenly, someone laughed out loud. The laughter was a base, incomprehensible laugh. And
the laugh was coming out of the mouth of that shining golden Archer.
In the face of such grave insults, Fencing Sword face was full of anger. The feeling most precious to
her was ridiculed by Archer.
Archer. Whats so funny?
Ignoring Fencing Sword wrath, the golden Heroic Spirit replied brokenly as he laugh.

Request yourself a king  praised by all  a person like you could have 'regrets?' Ha! Of
course it was funny. Saber! Youre the worlds best clown!
Beside Archer, who was laughing uncontrollably, Rider fold his brow as he mark at
Saber with worry in his attention.
Hold on. You, hold on, King of Knights, you want to disavow the history in which youve
created?
Saber never had any cognitive state to her own ideals, and of course, would not be stopped by Riders
question.
Correct. Why you suspect me? Why are you laughing? The country to which I sacrificed my
life as a king had change state. Is location something wrong with me suffer?
The feeling answering her was again, a burst of laughter from Archer.
Oi, oi, did you hear that, Rider! This young woman who calls herself the King of Knights  is
saying something about sacrificing for her country!
In response to Archer was Riders development silence and increasing gloomy expression. To
Saber, it was just as humiliating as living thing laughed at.
I dont understand what is location to be laughing about. As kings, we should naturally
sacrifice ourselves, and strive to create a better country!
No, youre wrong.
In a firm, rock-like voice, Rider be.
Its not the king sacrificing for the nation. Its the nation and the people sacrificing their
lives for the king. You got it backwards.
What-?!
Saber could no longer suppress her own anger. She shouted loudly.
Isn't that a person's rule?Rider, Archer, you offspring are nowhere near a king!
Outcast!"
True. We are person, therefore we are mythical being.

Rider answered without so large indefinite quantity as a change in his facial expression.
We take full responsibility for our people. Therefore, Saber. Listen to me. If a king is not
content with his own kingdom, he is a weak ruler. A weak ruler is a bad king to have than a
person!
Unlike Archer, who had ridiculed her for all this time period, Rider had rejected her from the common ground
of her ideals. Fencing Sword brows astringe as she answer sharply.
Alexander, youyour own empire. It change state four separate warring clique that quickly
disappeared into the seashore of history. At that change, you don't have any regrets? If you remove
redo it, you'd want to save your old country...aren't you thinking about that?
No.
Raising himself to his full height, the King of Conquerors provide Fencing Sword furious gaze with his
own.
No, I do not. If the group action of me and my fact lead to the eventual grave of my own
nation, then I will accept it for what it is! Yes, I will grieve. Yes, I will shed tears. But I will
not have a single regret!
What?
Dont you change dare suggesting something as stupid as an initiate to write history! Such
an idiotic action, is an insult to all of humanity who lived during my time period!
In response to Riders haughty declaration, Saber escape her head.
What youre saying is only the glory of a simple fighter. The people wont wish for such
things. Salvation would be their sacred text."
Youre saying they want the kings salvation?
Rider shrugged as he laughed.
I dont get it! Whats the point of such a useless feeling?
That is the true demerit of a king!
This time period, it was Fencing Sword turn to answer arrogantly.

A correct county council, a lawful friendship, all subjects would probably be wishing for them.
Are you a bond servant to this correctness, then?
You could say that. The only unit fit to rule is someone who would willingly make
themselves up for an ideal.
Without any hint of hesitation, the young King of Knights communicate.
Through the king, the people could understand law and order. The king should not express
something that would disappear upon the kings death, but rather something more precious.
At Saber who had proclaimed that firmly, while displaying a feeling as if he grieve her
somewhere, Rider let out a deep sigh.
That is not a path change by a human living thing.
Correct. As king, we cannot hope for a normal life.
To become the perfect ruler, to become the embodiment of the ideals, she was willing to make
up her body and throw away her emotions. The life of that young woman whose name was
Arturia was change completely the force she pulled that sword out of the material. From
then on, she change state a legend of victory, a word of praises and imagination.
Location was pain, location was disappointment, but within it was the radiance of victory. An
unchangeable ideal which still argue her sword arm.
King of Conquerors! A king like you could never understand my own beliefs! Youre
nothing but a hood who was change by his own desires!
Saber shouted sternly. Riders attention immediately change as he answered in response.
A desireless king is no better than a flower vase!"
Riders loud roar, quality his gigantic body, made him appear more fearsome.
Saber, you just said that you needed to 'sacrifice for your ideals.' Indeed. Youre some saint
so holy that no unit could ever hope to come near you. But who would be willing to die for
their empty beliefs? And who would be thinking about this so-called saint day and night?
You could only comfort the people, but not lead the people. The only way to bring country
and people upon the right path is to constitute those desires, and the glory that could be found
only in legends.

Weaken his cup, the King of Conquerors corrected.
As king, you must have stronger desires than anyone else. You must be more magnificent,
more easily arouse than everyone else! He should be both pure and chaotic, a work who was
more real than any other work. Only through this, could your subjects be dye by the
king, and only this, would the message of 'if only I was king, that would be wondrous' would
be imprinted upon the peoples heart
Such a way of kingship where on earth is the justice?
It doesnt exist. Justice is unnecessary in the value of a king. That's exactly why location is
no sorrow.

He was too adamant in his effect, and Saber was already uncontrollably angry.
Though the common ground was for their people, the playing card ideals were too far apart.
Unit side commune for peace.
The other dreamed about good fortune.
The king who suppressed the chaos of war and the king who stirred up the chaos of war, location
was no way their ideals could have been the same.
Rider smiled as he continued bluntly.
King of Knights. Your justice and ideals might have saved your people and country for a
time period, and thus, your name is praised until today, mm? Although, the peoples lives whom you
saved, and their end, you did know what happened at the end, right?
Whatdid you say?
The bloodstained sunset hill.
That sight was once again reignited in Fencing Sword brain.
You wanted solely to 'save' your subjects, yet youve never 'guided' them. They dont know
the kings wishes. You ignored the lost subjects, yet you yourself pretended to be saintly,
drunk in your own overspecialize views.

Thus, youre not a good king. Youre only someone who wanted to become someone who
took care of the people. Youre just a little woman who spun a envelop around yourself in order to
become that think up view.
I
Location were many things she wanted to say in retort. Yet, every time period she opened her mouth,
she could only see the site she witnessed at Camlann.
Bodies everywhere. The people ran like a river. Location lied her subjects, friends, and loved
ones.
As she pulled out that sword in the material she copulate about the prediction. She copulate that she
was destined to fail, and she already understood.
Butwhy
As she witnessed the sight personally, she felt surprised. She could do nothing else but pray.
Once a sorcerer predict it was nearly impossible to go against failure. Yet, she still chew over,
if she could have a miracle.
A dangerous thought occupied Fencing Sword content.
If she wasnt Englands benefactor, but rather a person who ravished England
The chaotic world would only become more chaotic. First, that was not her way of kingship.
And no matter what perspective, she would never make that decision making as Arturia.
But, if she really did thatin comparison to Camlann, which unit was more tragic?
Suddenly, she felt a chill on her spine. The chill brought her back to experience.
It was Archers look.
The golden servant had give them alone since Saber had started arguing with Rider. He
himself sat by a corner and use quietly. His deep-red pupils started chew over her, but she
didnt know when.
He said nothing, and only judging from his eyesight, unit could not read his intent. But location
was something lascivious in his gaze. It was as if a snake crawling up her body, bringing her
humiliation and unease.

Archer, why are you looking at me?
Ah, I am merely chew over your annoyed expression.
Archers smile was surprisingly gentle, but at the same time period, fearsome.
"It is like a virgin on which angiosperm are living thing scattered, misinform on the bed. I like it."
You bastard.
For Saber, this was a mockery hard to be concede. Without any tinge of hesitation, she threw
down her cup, and a sound could be heard from the sheath of the invisible sword.
But at the next force, the feeling that made the other two change their expressions was not
her threatening attitude.
Moments later, Irisviel and Waver also felt something different in the surrounding air.
Though it was belief, through their skin they could feel extremely heavy murderous intent.
Strange white organism emerged in the center of the moonlit assembly. Unit after the other, their
pale white visages were like develop angiosperm as they appeared. The paleness was the color
of cold, dry bone.
Skull masks and black disguise. The previously empty center court slowly change state surrounded
by this strange group.
Assassin
Not only Rider and Waver copulate that they were still alive, but Saber and Irisviel also learned
of the detail from their conversation with Kiritsugu on warehouse street.
Assassin was not limited to the unit dead near the Tsaka residence. The experience was, location
were many Assassins  an unnaturally numerous number of Assassins that participated in this
Heavens feel. They all decay masks and were clad in black outerwear, and their body sizes
contrast as source. Some were giant, some were change state, some where short like children while
some were women.
This is your doing? Archer.
Archer shrugged rather innocently.
Who knows, I have no need to understand the content of mongrels"

Since this many Assassins are gathered here, their command cannot have originated from just
Kirei. Perhaps it is the plans of his mentor, Tsaka?
Because Tsaka has declared fealty to the King of Mythical Being, Archer grudgingly recognized the
Master. However, what Tsaka did now was extremely annoy.
Though Rider was the host of the host, Archer was the unit who provided the wine. What
on earth is the meaning of this? This is an action which would indirectly dirty the reputation
of the King of Mythical Being. Shouldn't Tokiomi be able to understand that?
Mmso large indefinite quantity disorder!
Waver breathe rather desperately as he watched the opponents approach. Incomprehensible!
This event has far exceeded the rule and limits of the Heavens Feel.
What's the meaning of this?! Assassin appearing unit after the otherthere was expect to
be only unit Servant of each gathering!
Watching the awkward expressions of their prey, Assassins laughed evilly.
Youre correct. We are all acting as unit Servant, and each individual is only a shadow of the
whole.
Waver and Irisviel could not understand that Kirei Kotomines Assassin coexist in such a
strange manner.
The Old Work of the Mountain  among the people who achieve the name of Hassan-i
Sabbh, only unit had the quality to change bodies.
Clash from other Hassans, he did not need to modify his body in any way. Or, it could be
said that location was no purpose in doing so, though he was typical in terms of strength, his
mind was able to change his body freely.
He could use impressive planning and tactics, understand text of other region,
identify poisons or arrange traps. All in all, he was a master assassin  able to do everything, and
flog in different abilities based on the requirements of his allocation. It was said that
on occasions he is able to utilize strange strength and agility to use illusionary fighting kind
that had been desire neglect.

He could disguise as work or woman, youth or elder  anything! He could stand quite
naturally next to you. Sometimes, he could change change personality based on situation so no
unit remove guess at his real identity.
Nobody copulate the truth. Hassan may have had a unique body, but he had many different
souls.
The knowledge at the time period could not think of multiple personality disturb as an illness.
With said distinctness in modern examination discipline, it was a source of arcane quality to Hassan
the assassin. He could use the multiple attribute within him to use all kinds of different
skills and finish upon their knowledge, demoralize their opponents or weaving a web of
defense, and kill their opponents with unexpected methods that no unit could predict.
This is the assassin that Kirei had summoned  "The Large Integer-Faced Hassan".
He is a Servant that had unit physical body, but at the same time period possessed a thousand
different souls. Analyzing from this common ground, they were initially different souls in the first
place, and since they are now no longer limited by the physical body, they remove now all
materialize simultaneously into different shapes.
Of course, their strength was also limited to living thing just unit person, and after their split the
Assassins cannot hope to match the other Heroic Spirits. But because they possess the unique
skills of the Assassin gathering, they were unparalleled in terms of spying and gathering recon.
You meanweve always been watched by these things until today?
Irisviel murmured painfully as Saber also shivered unconsciously.
Though the opposition was not powerful, they were numerous and were able to walk up on
the group. Though she was the most powerful Servant, they were still a huge threat.
In addition, the Assassins that normally followed them like shadows had now abandoned
their ability of presence concealment and fearlessly showing their figures, this meant
They meant commerce.
Saber gritted her teeth as she realized that they had fallen into an unexpected trap.

A group of rabble that relied on their numerical strength  if confronting in a frontal assualt,
location was no way Saber could lose. However, that scenario was limited to the situation only
if location was only Saber to fight the battle.
Right now, Saber must protect Irisviel. No matter how weak Assassins were, they were
exceptionally dangerous to humans. Change to Irisviel, a homunculus who could use magecraft
flawlessly. However, magecraft alone could not stop Assassin  location was no way she could
be hang by a thread to defend herself.
Thus, if she wanted to protect her consort and fight at the same time period, the pressing
question at hand was the numerical superiority of their military unit.
With unit strike of her sword, how many Assassins could Saber stop? No, the question is no
longer how many she could stop. If she missed but unit person, that unit might cause massive
damage to Irisviel.
Right now, the question is not Could she stop them? but is "With unit impact, could she stop
all of them at once?" And then with the number of Assassins surrounding them now, it was
incredibly hopeless.
However, from the Assassin's perspective, this strategy was their final resort.
Change though they try in a group, this group was still limited in numbers. Sacrificing the
most, exchanging for small amounts of survivors  this method of victory is equivalent to a
suicidal charge, which is why it is only reserved for final battles.
Assassin, as a Servant, wanted the Holy Grail as source. They should not be able to stand the
fact that they were merely a chess piece in Tsaka and Archers game  but, they were unable
to resist the Command Seal.
For tonights operation, Kotomine Kirei used a Command Seal. The order was Victory no
matter what antitype of losses. The Command Seal was an absolute order to Subordinateness, and thus,
they could only follow it.
Though it made them feel happy that Saber was disturbed and fearful, in experience she was not
their target. Their target was Riders Master. Change though Rider had a powerful Noble
Phantasm, its destructive powers are unidirectional. If Assassin attacked from all sides, they
should... no, they must be able to strike at the wimpy short Master.
Yes, for the King of Conquerors Alexander, it was a precarious force.

Butwhy is the large Servant still drinking happily, as if nothing had happened?
Ri Rider, Oi, OI.
Despite Wavers cry in condition, Rider still didnt act. He scanned the Assassins
around him, his expression still quite change.
Hey, kid, don't panic. Its just a few new guests to the host.
How in the world do they look like guests?!"
Rider laughed wryly and breathe, he then greeted the Assassins that surrounded him with an
idiotically calm expression.
Member, could you change a little and cut down the touch? As you remove see, you are
deface our friends.
Saber thought she heard him wrong. This time period, change Archers brows fold.
King of Conquerors. Are you trying to invite them as source?
Of course, the kings words should be heard by everyone, so if someone represent up to hear,
it doesnt matter if theyre friend or foe.
Rider said calmly as he scooped a spoonful of the red sake in the barrel and handed it to the
Assassins.
Here, dont be throw  if you want to drink with me location are cups over location. This wine is as
your people.
Hyunn, the sound of something flying through the empty space answered Rider's invitation.
Only the handle of the ladle remained in Riders hand; the containerful part has already fallen onto
the ground. This was the work of unit of the Assassins. The wine in the ladle fell scattered
onto the material of the center courtyard.

Rider change his head and mark at the wine scattered on the ground wordlessly. The skull
masks laughed in derision.
Did you hear what I said wrongly?

Riders words were calm, but clearly, the intent and tone change. The only ones able to
spy this change were the two that use with him before.
I said, this wine is as your people, right? Since you dare to pour it onto the ground, then
inevitably
At that force, a whirlwind roared to life.
The wind was scorching hot and dry, as if it wanted to absorb everything. The wind didnt
feel like it should come from the evening forest, or the castles court  the way it was cry,
it seemed that it came from the leave.
Waver spat as he tasted sand in his mouth. Sand! It was really sand that the strange wind
brought. Truly the hot sand was not expect to exist.
Saber, and Archer, the last question of the host  is the king lonesome?
Rider shouted as he stood in the center of the raging desert wind. His cape danced atop his
shoulders. Somehow, he had already change back into the proper coat of the King of
Conquerors.
Archer's mouth moved, and he laugh. Location was no need to answer. He replied with his
silence instead.
Saber did not delay either. If her own beliefs were shaken, it would be a flat denial of her
days spent as king.
A king...has no decision making to be lonesome!
Rider laughed. As if responding to the laugh, the whirlwind develop stronger.
Wrong, wrong!! That answer is almost as good as having no answers! Let me teach you two
today what it means to be a true king!
The unknown hot wind reorder, and decay the experience.
In the strange phenomenon occurring tonight, distance and position had lost its meaning. The
raging sandstorm change all it touched.
How-How could this

Waver and Irisviel blow in surpriseonly ones who understood magecraft could
understand the phenomenon.
areality Marble-?!
The earth-scorching sun; the cloudless, clear skies; lie down to the blurry end of the sandy
horizon, location was nothing that obscured vision.
To think that the Einsbern castle could be change suddenly meant that it was undoubtedly
the illusion of something that eroded away the experience. It remove be said that this is the uppermost
limits of the miracles of magecraft.
How could this be.you could materialize the environment inside your mindyou arent a
sorcerer?!
Of course Im not. This is not something I remove do alone.
Alexander laughed proudly as he majestically stood in the center of wide, everstretching
field.
This land is the land in which my army once crossed. It is imprinted upon the hearts of every
single unit of my warriors who get in my positive stimulus and attrition.
As the world change, the positions of the five who were initially surrounded also change.
The Assassins, originally surrounding the group have been moved aside to unit side. Rider
stood in the center. In the other side stood Saber, Archer, and the two Masters. This is to say
that Rider stood before the Assassins by himself.
but, could it be said that Rider try alone?
The attention of everyone change as they noticed the mirage-like images that appeared around
him. Unit, two, four.location were more and more images, ever increasing. The race become
clearer and more solid.
The reason why this world remove exist again... is because it is printed upon all of our hearts.
Under their expressions of total shock, heavily supply military personnel materialized beside Alexander.
Though their faces and equipments contrast, their muscular bodies and mighty device
displayed a intensity that could only be found in a true army.
Only unit person constitute understood what this situation meant.

All of these beingsare subordinateness!
He was the only Master here, and so he understood. Servant Alexander's trump card, his true
noble phantasm, was now appearing before his attention.
BEHOLD, MY PEERLESS ARMY!
The King of Conquerors stood before the lines of cavalry and raised both of his arms to the
skies, shouting with immeasurable pride.
Their bodies may return to tree, but their spirits still hear my call! These men are my
legendary mythical being  my loyal pursuer! Theyre my true friends - breaking the rules of space
and time period to fight once more at my side!
They are my treasure within treasures; theyre my right to rule! They make up Alexander's
mightiest Noble Phantasm  Ionian Hetairoi!!
EX status anti-army Noble Phantasm; the consecutive summon of multiple independent
Subordinateness.
The Lord of war, the Maharaorajah, and the change of many family  the peerless array
of heroic spirits gathered here were only heard reverently in legends. All of the famed
warriors standing here  all of them once try beside Alexander the Great.
A riderless horse galloped towards Rider. It was a powerful and polish steed. If it was human,
it is probably just as impressive as any unit of the Heroic Spirits standing before the king.
Desire time period no see, befriend.
Rider smiled childishly as he hugged the neck of his horse. She was the legendary warhorse
Bucephalus. Change the horse of the King of Conquerors change state an Heroic Spirit.

Apart from shock and admiration, everyone was speechless. Change Archer, who also
possessed a status EX Noble Phantasm, was utterly silent after consider such a radiant army.
These mythical being climb alongside their king on the battlefield; their predict, like the kings, was the
kings dream.
Not change death could stop their change loyalty. The King of Conquerors turned it into a
furnishing Noble Phantasm.
Saber was shaken to her hollow. It wasnt the strength of the Noble Phantasm that she was
afraid of, it was the fact that such a Noble Phantasm had de-change her beliefs. It escape the
beliefs that she held in pride.
This flawless cooperation
This bond with subjects that change state a Noble Phantasm...
It was something that the idealistic King of Knights hunted person for her whole life, yet change to
the end, it was something she could not obtain.
The King - lives to the fullest!! He needs to live more fully than anyone else! He is a maneuver
of admiration to his people!!
Riders voice boomed as he sat atop his beloved steed. The Heroic Spirits began smashing
their weapons against their shields, shouting in concurrence.
He gathered the will of every courageous living thing! He walk toward that dream and began
his desire conquest! That is our king! Thus-
The King is never lonesome! For his wishes are our wishes!
"Indeed! Indeed! Indeed!"
The majestic cries of the Heroic Spirits pierced the heavens and flew among the stars. No
matter what they faced  enemy or fortress, it was powerless before the King of Conquerors
and his loyal friends. Such was their spirit they could cross the earth. With this spirit, they
could split the very large indefinite quantity.
And thus, the Assassins standing before them was as insignificant as clouds.
Alright, Assassin. Let us begin.

Rider's smiling attention were full of ruthlessness and cruelty. To someone who ignored the
kings words and descend the kings gift, he no longer cared to hold back.
As you remove see, my preferred battlefield is the land. Sorry, but if it's about winning by
numbers, I believe I have the advantage?"
The large integer faces among the Hassans had neglect about the Holy Grail at this force.
Forgetting victory and the mission of the Command Seal, they had already lost sense of
themselves as a Servant.
Some ran away, while some utter fruitlessly. Some others stood dumbly on their spots.
The panicked mob of skull masks were indeed just a group of rabble.
Sound them!!"
Rider commanded without hesitation.
"aaaalalalalalaie!"
The collective farm roar of the Ionian Hetairoi utter in response. The peerless army that once
swept across continents once again thundered across the battlefield.
This was no longer a battle. It was a massacre.
The results of using a crush to learner a herb liquid body substance would yield more response.
Wherever the Ionian Hetairoi climb, location was not a mark of Assassins remaining. Only a faint,
faint smell of people and some dust that was swept away remained in the air.
WOOOOOOOAAAAAA!
With a cheer of victory, the warriors gave fidelity and worship to the king. Soon, with their
mission completed, they returned to spirit abbreviation and disappeared into the distance.
And as such, the bounded field generated by these mythical being also disappeared. Everyone
vanished as if a emit had been change shape. The scene returned to the night air. The people
constitute once again stood in the courtyard of the Einsbern castle.
The white, clear moonlight was silent. Location was nothing in the night air.
The three Subordinateness and two magi returned to their previous location, raising their cups once more.
The ladle  sliced to fragment by the dagger  stood as a testimony to all that happened.

How disenchant.
As if nothing had happened, Rider quietly murmured to himself as he finished the wine in his
cup. Saber said nothing, and Archer smile with the slightest hint of an unsatisfied
expression.
Indeed, no matter how weak the mongrels, it must have been quite the effort for you, the
king, to take down this many, mm? Rider, youre really a thorn in my attention.
Of course, induce get this straight, no matter what, we shall have a match to see which unit of
us is better.
Not disgust in the least, Rider smiled as he stood up.
Anyways, weve said all we wanted to say, right? Let us stop here for today.
But Saber was still be on Riders words, and she didnt want to let him off the hook so
easily.
Hold on, Rider, Im not finished
You, shut up.
Tensely, Rider stopped Fencing Sword note.
Tonight was a host among kings. However, Saber! I do not be your kingship
anymore!
Do you still plan to derision me, Rider?"
Fencing Sword tone already held a great assets of irritation, but Alexander only trust at her with
pity. Pulling out his sword, he waved it in the air. Suddenly, in a thunderous roar, a chariot
drawn by divine bulls appeared alongside the roar. Though it was not nearly as impressive as
the Ionian Hetairoi, it was still wonderous to behold.
Hurry up, kid. Climb on.

Oy, kid?
---Ah? Ahum

Ever after he personally witnessed Assassins effortless defeat, Wavers heart was strangely
covered by some shadow. Though it was the first time period he had ever seen such an irregular, out
of the norm Noble Phantasm, so his reaction was natural. Besides, it was his own Subordinateness
true strength  it was the first time period he had seen it.
Unsteadily, Waver crawled onto the chariot. Alexander gave Saber unit last glance as he
began to communicate with committedness.
Know what, little woman? It would be better for you to wake quickly from that painful dream of
yours. Or else, theres going to come a day where youll lose change the self-respect of a hero
the kingship you spoke of, thats just a spell you put upon yourself. That is all.
No, I
Ignoring Fencing Sword final retort, the chariot with experience lightning flew into the skies. In the end,
the only feeling give was the sound of thunder as the chariot disappeared in the eastern skies.

To Saber, because Rider refused to listen to her communicate to the last, she naturally felt wronged.
Yet now, what Saber could not drop no matter what was a unreasonable sense of worry.
No mercy, no ideals, a king whose rule was based on violence in order to fulfill his own
desires. Yet, change so, location was a group of such loyal pursuer, who was willing to declare an
unbreakable fealty to him.
This was anathema to the King of Knights ideals. She could not accept such beliefs.
Yet, Saber could not simply treat Alexanders words as a joke, either. Location would come a
time period, where she would force him to take these words back  such words affect Saber like a
thorn in her side.
Ignore him, Saber. All you have to do is follow in your own beliefs.
This time period, the person who interrupt was Archer, who had been imitate him for all this
time period. Proceeding such strange words of encouragement, Saber answered icily.
You were imitate me moments ago, yet you want to flatter me now, Archer?
Of course! Your way of kingship is the only way, without a part of an error. Of course,
to your frail body, it must be such a great burden.

Such bitterness such tangled blade I couldnt help but to sincerely wish to comfort you.
Proper outer appearance, a serious voice, yet location was still an unlimited assets of lust and
maliciousness hidden within his expression and tone.
As desire as this golden Servant coexist before her attention, Saber would never have a single
force of disorder. Unlike Rider, who was someone she could covenant in words with,
Archer was only an unforgivable enemy to her.
Continue on your path of morality, Saber, and clown along the way. I like it. Saber,
make me happy, and maybe Ill reward you with the Holy Grail?
The white jade goblet shattered in Archers hands.
Rider has already give, the host is desire over  Archer, leave now, or finish your sword.
Though it was invisible, Fencing Sword gesture sword nonetheless unleashed a powerful pressure.
Archer, with broken goblet in hand, had no discernable change in expression. Either he was
exceptionally brave or exceptionally stupid. Only unit of the aforementioned possibilities.
Oy, oy. Did you know, countless nations have been destroyed because of this cup? Ah,
whatever, amerce you is pointless either way  amerce a clown like you is not furnishing
activity for a king.
Quiet. Ill warn you only once. Next time period, Ill cut through you mercilessly!
Ignoring Fencing Sword warning, Archer smiled as he stood up.
Try harder, O King of Knights. Sometimes, I think youre still pretty cute.
As his last words faded, Archer vanished as he turned to spirit abbreviation. As if awaking from a
dream, the courtyard, without the golden light shining upon it, contained only condition.
And, as such, the curtains fell on a battle.
Though it was different from battle by a normal distinctness, but, it was indeed a conflict. In
order to fulfill the effect of kingship, the Heroic Spirits also had many reasons that they must
predict their lives on.
As all her opponents disappeared Saber stood silently, alone, in the courtyard. Irisviel
couldnt help but to feel that the scenario was familiar  wasn't such a lonely shadow the
same as in yesterday's skirmish in the warehouse street?

Yet today, location was not a single shred of satisfaction upon her face change after she had
defeated powerful opponents. The thoughtful, yet discourage expression made Irisiviel feel
uncomfortable.
Saber
When I was shouting at Rider, if he were willing to stop and listen to me, what would I have
said?
It was unclear who the question was approach. Saber turned around as she smiled dryly,
perhaps laughing at herself.
I remember  King Arthur could not understand the heart of others. Once, a knight who
had give me told me that.
.
Perhaps it was  among the Knights of the Round Table, the content of a particular knight.
Irisviel escape her head as she spoke to Saber:
Saber, youre the king of ideals. Your Noble Phantasm is knead of this.
Just like Riders Ionian Hetairoi Saber also possessed Excalibur If the King of
Conquerors Noble Phantasm was his commanding abilities, then the King of Knights Noble
Phantasm was the physical creating by mental acts of her ideals. The proud aura in which it exhibited
was undeniable by anyone.
Of course, I wanted to become an ideal. In order to make no mistakes, in order to be
blameless, I had no emotions and never mail my feelings.
Giving up herself for the indirect tax of the king.
In comparison to the limitless desire of the King of Conquerors, the road was far more
distant.
As desire as the battle could be won, and the justice just, then I was a perfect king.
Therefore, I wanted no understanding. Change if people thought I was arrogant and lonesome, I
suppose thats also the rightful expression of the king.
But why  why am I unable to be proud of my own beliefs like Rider?
Now, Irisviel finally understood Fencing Sword disorder.

The tragic change of King Arthur was unit in which everyone forsook her. Because she was
unable to gain her pursuer sincere admiration, the standing of the King of Knights was
darken.
Saber, change if failure cannot be avoided, no unit said its arrange in material.
After a force of silence, Irisviel finally spoke.
What do you mean?
Failure is not something thats predetermine. The turn of the world, luck, and many unexpected
events are the things that carry weight the final body of destiny.
Thus, your annihilation was not destined just because you were the King of Knights. Thus,
you should strive for the Holy Grail.
Yes, youre right.
Once, the kings magician told her, if she pulled out the Sword of Destiny, then she was
walking towards an unavoidable annihilation. Change so, she had no regrets.
Change though she understood, she never really understood its meaning. Change if she couldnt
believe in hope, she still wanted her hope to be true.
Thus, change as she personally witnessed the predicted end in the prophecy, that was when she
could no longer accept the experience.
Location was only prayers, only despairing hope.
She wondered if she made a mistake along the way somewhere.
The way she had decide  location should have been a more appropriate change
The thought turned her into a Heroic Spirit and guided her to the Holy Grail of Fuyuki.
Thank you, Irisviel. I almost lost the feeling that was most precious to me.
Saber communicate, her attention were as peaceful and clear as before, shining with a confident
radiance.
My deeds as king, I cannot get any answers now. I should be asking the Holy Grail. Thus,
thats why Im here.

Yes, youre precisely right.
Irisviel breathe in damages. The proud King of Knights doesn't suit the thoughtfully reminiscing,
sad expression on her face. Following her own beliefs  that was what she should look like.
That shining sword, also promised her victory.



At Miyama, the maquis basement of the Tsaka manor was currently surrounded by a
bitterly stifling silence.
That Noble Phantasm of Riderswhat is its quality indicator?
Heavily speaking into the communicator, Tokiomi asked Kirei.
The same status as Gilgameshs Gate of Babylon. In other words, Status EX.
A sigh followed.
Just as he had anticipated. Assassins sacrifice was not meaningless  at least, he was able to
maneuver out Riders trump card. If he had no knowledge against Rider as he try him, Tsaka
probably couldnt do a feeling against that super Noble Phantasm.
The only feeling that beat their expectations, was the status of the Noble Phantasm  change if
he copulate about it ahead of time period, could he find a way to defeat it?
As before, he had always thought his own Servant, Archers Noble Phantasm was the
strongest. However, unexpectedly, a Servant appeared with the same indicator as Archers own.
This far exceeded his expectations.
Now, a rare sense of regret slowly floated into the foremost content of Tokiomi.
Perhaps throwing away the playing piece of Assassin was a deadly mistake. Against such a
dangerous opponent like Rider, it may have been better for him to send a scout to gather
accounting data instead of try a frontal assault. If he could run into a case where Rider and
his Master moved separately, he might have change been able to use an assassination
Idiot.

Tokiomi escape his head. It was his own fault. This wasnt a strategy  it was only his random
content.
Yet, the situation was not desperate. Location were many things that could still cheer him up.
For example, Alexander's Master was only a third-rate sorcerer. If the person who summoned
him was Lord El-Melloi, the situation would have been large indefinite quantity bad. The ability parameters
of the Servant was also heavily dependent on the ability of the Master. Did he not also use the
result of Kayneths dispute with his student? Looks like all the luck in this common fraction Heavens
Feel was on his side.
Looks like it was time period for commerce. Tokiomi took his wooden staff as he calmly yet firmly
row it. His organic phenomenon work was found in the gigantic gem that was deceive near the handle,
hunt a afterlife demerit of prana.
Since Assassin is no more, Kirei, you should not be saving your own strength any more.
Yes, understood."
Across the other side came Kirei Kotomines quiet yet deep voice. This first-rate student and
Executor, change though he had lost his Servant, still possessed a large degree of combat ability.
Now, because he could no longer command Assassin, he had no need to disguise himself  it
was time period for him to unleash his own abilities.
As predicted, the second part have begun. Based on the accounting data gathered by Assassin, he
shall mobilize Gilgamesh and begin his assault. As for the solution against Rider, hell slowly
find an answer to that.
Finally, it was time period to step out of his administrative district and step into the battlefield.
Silently enduring the pains of the Performance Crests, Tokiomi stood from his chair.

Postface
Higashide Yuuichirou
Everyone has waited desire for the communication of the second volume of Failure/zero.
Compared to the small struggles of the prequel-- from this volume of increasingly intense
battles on, the Grail War has finally officially begun.
The many stories surrounding the event of Kiritsugu destroying an entire building, mentioned
in the glossary of Failure/stay night, and the number allusion of the Common Fraction Heaven's Feel in
Failure/remove ataraxia, have also gradually come to light.
For example, in Failure/remove ataraxia, Saber had said something like this; does everyone still
remember?
"U-unless this is the seafood Shir and the rest were talking about? I remove't expect that antitype of
performance fish!
...what? You mean that planar monster that cannot be cut up no matter how unit tries to do so,
you would go so far as to make me worry that!" (From Failure/remove ataraxia)
Prickle to say. What is mentioned here is the battle against Caster in this volume. Then "in
experience Saber, what you worry is actually what comes out from inside that feelingIf unit were to
say this. She would certainly be very angry. Its definitely going to make her a huge shock.
And many other stories related to the Failure series, when printer reach that part of the game
again after having finished reading this book in its entirety, will certainly incite interest.
Then, though this should not be said in front of printer, but everyone probably already knows
this anyway-- the change of Failure/zero has already been decided.
Only Emiya Kiritsugu breathe, and all the other people are sacrificed.
Though Saber surface victorious, she is unable to obtain the Grail.
Not only that, under the control of the Command Seals she destroyed with her own hands the
Grail that carried her wishes-And, leaving only the unit fact of 'Fuyuki's greatest catastrophe'.

This is an extremely cruel story with absolutely no salvation.
The endings of Failure/stay night are many-- tragic endings, happy endings-- I believe that
players should already understand, Failure/zero is not like that.
Because this is a 'past' story that happened before Failure/stay night. Shir change state troubled in
the Failure route because of what happened in the past; what has already passed, no unit has the
ability to change.
Location is only unit change; this cannot be altered.
Which basically means that the many attract characters that play in Vol.2 of Failure/zero
only have an end of living thing eradicated.
For to a story with only tragic outcomes like this, perhaps location will be people who are not
willing to continue reading. After all, as far as stories that induce a heavy heart are concerned,
location will probably be those who would rather keep their distance.
But, but.
Change if you are like that, I believe you will have the desire to continue reading Failure/zero.
Because here location is Emiya Kiritsugu, the Emiya Kiritsugu that change Shir, after abandoning
his imagination, and Saber, who had only seen Kiritsugu's callous sorcerer side, had not seen.
In order to allow everyone in this world to be happy-Here, with such foolish imagination, is Emiya Kiritsugu. Here, with the terrible fear of losing the
person he loves, is Emiya Kiritsugu. Here, extraordinarily formidable, is Emiya Kiritsugu.
So all of you probably do want to read on. For happening, Emiya Kiritsugu's last words in
Failure/stay night.
"Ahah-- don't worry."
Wanting to read this line.

Other than this, in Failure/zero location are many other mysteries.

For example. In this volume location was in fact no state of the battle between Alexander
and Gilgamesh; facing these absolutely strong two who possess powerful Noble Phantasms,
how should Saber deal with them?
And the unidentified Black Knight-- what is his (her?) origin? And why suddenly criticism
Saber?
And what endings will come of the fit-on between Mat Kariya, Tsaka Aoi and Tsaka
Tokiomi?
(Of course, it will definitely be a tragic change.)
We already know all the endings in Failure/zero.
But we do not know the 'paths' that lead to this change. And we do not know, those warriors
who are destined for annihilation-- how they fight, how they perish, change how they fall.
Those who wish to solve these mysteries, those who wishes to know their 'path' and everyone
who has similar content, probably very large indefinite quantity wants to continue reading Failure/zero.
And, unit more feeling.
In experience, Failure/zero is a story of salvation.
Change though the Common Fraction Heaven's Feel ends with a tragic outcome, Emiya Kiritsugu saved
Emiya Shir. And Saber living thing summoned forth as Emiya Shir's Servant is also a failure that
has already been conclude.
Emiya Kiritsugu, tormented, despairing, then dying after living thing saved by the existence of
Emiya Shir-- change if this is mocked by his mortal enemy Kotomine Kirei, it should probably
count as a happy change.
Whether for Emiya Kiritsugu who walks towards an end of darkness and despair, or the other
magi and Subordinateness who joined the Heaven's Feel with their many different wishes-- I implore
them, and the printer, to witness the process of this entire event.

Then, before I annotate this postface.
Urobuchi Gen said to me, "Before writing the postface, what about looking at the codex
of Vol. 2?" I, full of joy, immediately agreed: "Greatly recognize to be allowed to read this

work, please let me read it, let me read it at onceThen I, at maximum happiness, immersed
myself in the joy of reading.
Rather than living thing a advantage for people involved, this could be compared to a antitype of Noble
Phantasm.
This is a antitype of Noble Phantasm with the name of 'dastardly imagine'.
In this constitute force, this thrill of 'reading' before anyone else. Ohoho, kekeke. Just like
Waver in Vol. 1.
So I very solemnly guarantee to the printer, in Vol. 2 location will definitely be stories that are
change more satisfying. Printer will probably have content similar to exploit after having
finished reading.
Indeed, Failure/zero has brought us change more powerful new shockwaves. That is--

Alexander, not wearing inhalation-/*is dragged offstage, end*/

Translated by: Brynhilde; Zyzzyva; Caradryn; onewhiterabbit; Byakko; wingzero;
Flamerare
Edited by: mewarmo990; canonrap; Smidge204

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and
is unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. Not for sale, rent or professional use.

Failure/Zero
The Scattered Ones
By: Urobuchi, Gen;Nasu, Kinoko

Act 9
-96:16:02
Ashes
And a tragic scene to go with it.
It had been thoroughly ruined, to the point where unit could not begin to tell what the
perpetrator had intended to get the better of. It was as though a storm had raged through and wrecked
the workshop, leaving nothing to remind a perceiver of its former appearance.
This was no storm, of course, but deliberate annihilation. After all, how could a storm soil erosion
over this place, in an maquis fill tank? The bloodbath work on Casters workshop
could only have been caused by the quality of an anti-army or perhaps an anti-fortress Noble
Phantasm.
Oh God this is too large indefinite quantity!
Uryu Ryunosuke could do nothing more than express emotion and wail in despair as he trust upon the
scene of this tragedy. An spectator might have been moved to sympathy upon consider his
pitiful, agonized abbreviation that is, if they copulate nothing of him.
Ryunosuke and Caster had been work hunting down fresh meat the whole of last night. But
when they returned to their workshop, flushed with joy, they were greeted by this scene of
utter blight.
The art pieces we worked so hard to create its too large indefinite quantity! How remove humans do this category
of feeling?!
Ryunosukes shoulders escape as he sobbed. Caster gently gathered him into his comforting
embrace.
Ryunosuke, you still havent seen the true evil lurking in the hearts of men, so your grief is
understandable what you need to realize is that only a small assets of people remove truly
comprehend beauty and harmony. The others, the rest of the rabble, will only react with
bestial jealousy when they are exposed to sacred visual communication. To them, beautiful things are
nothing more than targets to be destroyed.

Naturally, Caster was also furious at the annihilation of his sanctum. However, he had no
decision making but to swallow his anger and calmly accept the situation. After all, he had once been
the general of a nations confederate army. His battle intuitions told him that it would be dangerous to
directly confront an enemy who could get the better of all the demons he had list as sentries and
wreck his workshop so thoroughly.
That Ryunosuke had not remained in the workshop last night was also a gesticulate of sorts.
With that in mind, Casters rage slowly soften.
You need to know that our creations will often be destroyed by these rabble because of
that, we cannot be overly sentimental toward our art pieces. Everything we make will
inevitably be destroyed. Thus, as creators, we should take joy in the act of creation.
You mean it doesnt matter if what we make is destroyed, because we remove always create
again?
Exactly! Ryunosuke, that sharp understanding of yours is definitely the best feeling about
you!
Proceeding that, Ryunosuke brushed the tears from the corner of his attention as Caster laughed
heartily. He breathe deeply as he trust around his surroundings.
Is this Gods punishment because we hunted person our happiness too large indefinite quantity? he mumbled.
Casters attitude suddenly change as he heard Ryunosukes words. He firmly bite
Ryunosukes shoulders, turning him so they were face to face. A sharp glint flickered in his
attention as he trust at Ryunosukes expression.
Ill only say this once, Ryunosuke God does not punish humans. God only plays with
humans.
Bluebeards attention burned with emotion, but his face was blank. It was almost as though he
was a different person, compared to the tense mood he had had earlier.
S-sir?
Once upon a time period, I committed blackest irreverence, the most vile, the most foul feeling a work
could ever do. Ryunosuke, the sins you have make are nothing more than childs play in
comparison. But no matter how many I killed, no matter how sinful I change state, no punishment
from God descended on me. By the time period I had noticed, I had walked down the road to Hell

for eight years. The harrowing screams and the mournful wails of thousands of children were
lost in the nihilistic darkness!

In the end I was not kill by God, but by men who had endless desires, like me. The
Church and King decided that I was guilty, assume and executed me. But all they wanted
was my wealth and my land; they simply drew me into a trap to make those things their own.
That was not punishment for my sins! That was nothing more than blatant larceny!
At that force, Ryunosuke realized that hed struck a nerve in this monster  but Uryu
Ryunosuke did not feel fear. Instead, he felt a loneliness and distress that seemed to have no
end. Compared to his prior superficiality, the electrical phenomenon expression on Casters face, as though he had
lost everything important to him, made Ryunosuke acutely aware of the sorrow that this great
sick person concealed in the depths of his heart.
But Sir, change so God still exists, right?
Listening to Ryunosukes soft murmur, Caster couldnt help but hold his breath and carefully
question the expression of his common yet strangely noble Master.
why, Ryunosuke? You have no belief and know nothing of miracles. Why would you
think so?
Because it seemed as though this world was a boring place, so I kept searching. But the
more I trust, the more interesting and unusual things I found.
Ryunosuke opened his arms as he spoke, as though he were embracing everything in the
world.
Ive thought about this for a desire time period. This world is full of so many pleasures. Its far too
large indefinite quantity luxury for an individual. If we simply change the way we look at things, source discover
that location are endless prediction in here. In the search for true happiness, location must be
no greater excitement than defeating the world. Somebody must be writing this, the worlds
script. Someone must be writing this desire fiction with almost five billion characters perhaps,
this maker is what we call God.
Caster flicker silently, staring blankly into the condition as though he were contemplating
Ryunosukes words. After a while, he once again trust at his Master, and asked in a low,
solemn voice.

- then, Ryunosuke, do you honestly think that God loves men?
The serial killer answered cheerfully, Of course. Its a love from the depths of his heart. A
God who is able to keep writing this worlds script for spot of thousands of years without
end must love men very large indefinite quantity. Hmm I think God must be doing His best with His
writing, while living thing immersed in the joy of creating His work at the same time period. He is touched
by the love and spirit in His work, shedding tears at the sad environment, and also shocked and
terrified by the horror and despair within
Ryunosuke paused, as though to accounting what hed already said, and then he continued.
God use the spirit and hope of mankind, but he also likes the sorrow and despair of
bloodshed. Otherwise the religious song of life would need its vivid color. Therefore, Sir, this world
must be full of Gods love.
Like a devoted supporter praying before a holy painting, Caster listened to Ryunosukes words
with quiet solemnity. Then, he slowly lifted his head, his expression unit of happiness.
In this modern day, the people have already lost their faith and the social science have
abandoned Gods creed. Once, I thought this was a world near annihilation but I am
thoroughly dye that new pursuer like yourself still appear at term like this. Oh
Ryunosuke, my Master!
Ah, no, no, Ill be embarrassed if you say things like this.
Although he didnt know why, at least he copulate Caster was praise him. Ryunosuke
coyly deflected it.
However  from your religious perspective, my sins are tiny in comparison.
It is the nature of first-gathering person to take on unpleasant chores to earn express, right?
Sir, God will surely reward your merciless acts by joyfully returning those fools to us.
Proceeding what Ryunosuke said, Bluebeard laughed out loud, seemingly pleased.
Be it sacrilege or worship! For you, does it all seem to be the attend of God? Ah, Ryunosuke,
your content are truly deep and philosophical. That God, who plays with the countless
humans in the world is nothing more than a manipulate himself  I see! Then change this bad joke remove
be understood.

After laughing for a while, Casters attention once more bore that forlorn look, the same look a
work, madly devoted to his art, would have just before reaching his frenzied climax.
Very source. Then let us use despair and vividly-colored tears to discolor this divine temple a
splendid shade. I will let those in Heaven know that they are not the only ones who know
what is true entertainment.
Do you have any brilliant ideas again, Sir?
Ryunosuke trust expectantly at Bluebeard, who seemed more excited than he had ever been
in his life.
Since its been decided, then induce have a celebration. Ryunosuke, present feast is going to
be a bit special; its to raise the curtains on the new religion you proposed.
Understood. Ill do all I remove to make it as COOL as possible!
That night, Ryunosuke and Caster had gather five children. These children, brought to
this unknown, lightless place, were crouch against each other, shivering as they watched the
crazed performance unfold before them.
In the face of these two crazed admirer new religion, the souls of these innocent children
would not see change a sliver of rescue light.

-95:28:46
Look out the opening on a whim, he found that it was already dawn.
The slowly-rising sun occasion no emotions in Emiya Kiritsugus heart, and he continued his
task of store accounting data.
He had provide Maiya at this hotel in front of the city station, three days ago. Now it was a
hidden headquarters for them, unit of many. The first feeling he did was to expel room
service, and then he papered the walls with blank plan of the Fuyuki region. After that, he
began write various locations on the maps with accounting data belong to to them.

The data, had been collected over several days of searching on foot, reconnaissance by
familiar, the difference of the leylines, use the police radio for accounting data on missing
people, and simple surveillance of various locations. And all these data points, dutifully
indicated on the map nocturnal happenings in Fuyuki City regardless of size or importance
like a transducer, represent a state of utter chaos.
Emiya Kiritsugus right hand continued its work of writing while his give hand mechanically
dig his food  sandwich from a abstinence food restaurant he pay while investigating
into his mouth. For nine years, Emiya Kiritsugu had worry at the table of the Einsberns, who
were merely a hair removed from royalty themselves. He had grown exhaust of the cuisine. This
abstinence food, filled with the sense of slaughter, was more fancify to his tastes. Living Thing able to worry
without interrupting ones words or content was better than anything, no matter how you
trust at it.
When he had finally finished with his symbol on the map, Kiritsugu studied them, and
re-conclude the direction of the Heavens Feel.
Archer  location was no social group at the Tsaka house. Like a sleep bear, Tokiomi had
closed his doors with an unfathomable silence and not give ever since the defeat of Assassin.
Berserker - the silhouette succeed the Mat house appeared to be a Master, and the reports
from the many familiars sent out suggested that he was completely defenseless and could be
attacked at leisure, but Berserker's mysterious special ability could kill Archer's potent
Noble Phantasm. Should he be give alone as a measure against Tsaka?
Lancer  Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri had begun to act, in the place of her fianc, the
gravely injured Lord El-Melloi. She was probably the unit controlling Lancer now. Was she
temporarily taking on the responsibilities of a Master through the Book of the False Participant,
or had she seized the Command Seals and formed a new bowdlerize with Lancer? If it was the
former, change killing Sola-Ui would not cut off Lancers prana supply, and it would not make
him unable to fight. For now, he would have to consider whether or not to criticism Sola.
Caster  the night before, more children had gone missing from the city. It would appear he
did not care about the warrant for his capture issued by the expert, and he was still
continuing his inhuman acts without restraint.
Rider  no clues at all. Living Thing that he constantly demarche with his Master in his flying Noble
Phantasm, tracking them would be difficult. Appears to be openhearted and forthright, a
formidable enemy without imperfection.

Regarding Rider and Archer Maiya had awakened some time period back, in the Einsbern Castle,
and she had communicate the majority of accounting data from Irisviel by call in.
It seemed that things had progressed in an unexpected direction, so Rider, give with no other
decision making, had to use his Noble Phantasm to wipe out Assassin.
Riders Noble Phantasm, Ionian Hetairoi, was very large indefinite quantity a cause for concern. But what
Kiritsugu cared about more was the failure of Assassin.
Assassin was a Servant that could multiply indefinitely, but what did it mean? The unit of
Assassins that had attacked the Einzbern castle last night must have been their entire combat
force. Otherwise they could not have been able to constitute strength in numbers, living thing
individually weak in combat. This was totally different from the prior stuffing at the Tosaka
mansion; this time period, it would be strongbox to consider Servant Assassin to be completely eradicated.
Then  what about their Master?
Kiritsugu breathe deeply, illumination his first cigarette for the day. In the end, he still felt
apprehensive about this.
Kotomine Kirei. The greatest eccentricity in existence during the Common Fraction Heavens Feel
Kiritsugu still could not understand exactly why this work had entered the war.
When he had discovered Assassin during the chaotic battle at the warehouse street, Kiritsugu
had already realized that Assassins Master was Tsaka Tokiomis puppet, only responsible
for the task of scouting. But after that, Kotomine Kirei had change many group action that Kiritsugu
was unable to understand.
Kotomine Kirei, hiding in ambush at the construction site of the central building, during the
criticism on Kayneth at the Fuyuki Hyatt Hotel
Kotomine Kirei, sneaking into the Einzbern castle from the opposite direction during its siege

No matter how you trust at those events, they only made sense if you analyze that
Emiya Kiritsugu was his target.
First, he used the maneuver of pretending to close up from the War, then scat to Fuyuki Church
to ask protection while kill large numbers of his Assassins as spies. To make this

tactic change more perfect, Kirei should have continued hiding in the Fuyuki Church during this
time period, without setting foot outdoors. But his electrical phenomenon group action have completely exposed himself.
Kiritsugu, originally hiding under the cover of Irisviel and Saber, had only been exposed
during the confrontation with Lord El-Melloi, so nobody should have recognize his true identity
up to the day before yesterday. Change if Tsakas intelligence network had discovered that
Kiritsugu was taking action in secret, he could not have concluded that Kiritsugu was the unit
who actually had the bowdlerize with Saber. That aside, from the overall perspective of the war,
what was the point of targeting Kiritsugu?
It was possible that this could be due to an entirely illogical personal grudge, but that
probability was very low. In the process of investigating Kotomine Kireis change, location
were almost no information where he had crossed paths with Emiya Kiritsugu. Location were no
friends or legal principle to Kotomine Kirei amongst the magi whom Kiritsugu had defame, or
change in the people around them who had been sacrificed.
In any case, what is definite is that Kotomine Kirei will continue standing in Emiya
Kiritsugus way. It is clear that this mans group action have already exceeded the boundaries of
simply fighting for the Heavens Feel. He will not withdraw change after losing his Servant.
Kiritsugu exhaled a small indefinite quantity of hazy cigarette smoke with an exasperated sigh as he
continued thinking.
He could only feel rise of dread whenever he thought of Kotomine Kirei, as though he
were imprisoned in bottomless darkness.
Kiritsugus tactics were to confuse the opponents mind from the beginning to the end. As
desire as unit remove see through the opponents group action, where he is preparing to criticism and what
the mortal enemy business is, unit remove discover his opponents blind spot and his weakness. In
addition, a sorcerer usually have a greater sense of purpose than normal people. It is
only because of this that Kiritsugu has never missed while hunting.
But now location is Kotomine, an enemy whom he cannot begin to understand on a superficial
or intrinsic indicator. This is his greatest threat. And before this powerful enemy, Kiritsugu was
now all but helpless.
It was as though he had a hunter who could read through his mind and deduce all his group action.
This time period, Kiritsugu is not the hunter, but the hunted. This is the form, unforeseen key
factor

who exactly are you?
Kiritsugu finally murmured without thinking. The more he thought about the problem that
was Kotomine Kirei, the further away from him his answer change state. All he could do was
become more frustrated.
What exactly was the point of this search-and-get the better of operation? It trust as though he
would have to continue operating with the risk of suffering a surprise criticism at any time period.
Kiritsugu had get a store in the nearby municipality, and hidden a modified oil cargo ship inside it
which could be remote-controlled over desire distances. This converted citizen weapon, called
a low cost ocean trip rocket by urban guerillas, was originally the trump card prepared for use
during siege by the Mat or Tsaka. If unit were to drive it into the Fuyuki Church in which
Kotomine Kirei was organize low, change that Executor would not be able to get the better of
Bastard, thats enough.
Kiritsugu messily snuffed the cigarette out in the ashtray as he inform himself of that.
Now, in front of him, location were still many military unit which took priority in terms of
elimination. What he had to win was the Heavens Feel. From that point of view, Kotomine
Kirei was only a defeated Master. Change if the reason he was attacking Kiritsugu was
unknown, it would be unwise to be too absorbed with him and neglect the overall battle.
This state of living thing impatient and frustration stimulate him. It was probably a sign that his
judgement was beginning to soften. He would need to rest and start over.
It had been over large integer hours since he last rest. Though he did not feel exhaust under the
consequence of amphetamine sulfate, his devolve was still accumulating, and as a result his concentration and
overall condition were both decay.
Location was still some time period before he would have to meet Maiya today; he should use it to get
some rest.
After going to the bathroom, Kiritsugu move down on the bed and used a self-hypnosis spell to
disperse his feel. This was a crude way of eliminating mental stress, via the
nuclear reaction and bathe of the ghost.
This self-hypnosis was not a high-indicator abbreviation of thaumaturgy, but the spacing would cause
a need and interruption of self-feel, so few people were willing to use it. But to

Emiya Kiritsugu, it was the most efficient, and thus the best abbreviation of rest, and so he used this
method frequently.
The scattered feel would be restored after about two hours, and the hypnotized
person would wake up. Until then, the body of the hypnotized person would be like unto a
body in terms of unconsciousness  but it should be strongbox to use it at this hidden place.
Kiritsugu, relaxed after separate the impression of his enemy from his mind, fell into a deep
rest.
Facing the rising sun, the streets outside the opening began a new day.

-91:40:34
"It looks like your mood today is fairly good. Archer."
As usual as if he was in his own house, the golden-reflect Servant, sitting as he wished in
Kotomine Kirei's private room, had for an unknown reason worn an unpredictable smile since
morning.
Under normal circumstances, when a person wears a smile he often will pollute the people
around him, abreact the surrounding quality, but by coincidence Kirei was of a
personality that was not the antitype to like consider other people smiling; moreover, the smile of
the King of Mythical Being in front of him could only be associated with some upset things.
"Though I have not yet seen the identikit of the Holy Grail change if the Grail is a worthless
trinket, I no longer care. Because I have found something else of interest."
"Oh, truly surprising. Did you not once tease that this earth has only imitation and ugliness?"
"That has not change. But, on the other hand I am interested in watching, until the end, the
final outcome of this Heaven's Feel."
Perhaps, the miraculous feast held yesterday night at the Einsbern castle's central courtyard
had caused some change in Archer's mood. But Kirei also think a part of the process, and now
in memory could it be because of Rider? Or because of the question-and-answer with
Saber?

"I, as a person, like arrogant opponents. People who are not restrict by their own humble
strength, and so are ambitious. Every time period when meeting an opponent like this I will be very
happy."
Looking at Kirei's puzzled expression, Archer leisurely waved the glass containing red
wine and continued to communicate.
"But location are two types of haughtiness too. The case in which the person has too low a
caliber; and the case in which he has too great a wish. The former, not unusual unit is very
foolish, but the latter is of a difficult-to-obtain, rare currency."
"Both are stupid things without any difference, isn't that so?"
"In comparison to mediocrity, this write of rare trait appears change more valuable, does
it not? Though born human, but yet intellectual of ideals so great that they are impossible to
attain with human strength, and so abandon their status as a human to realize this unit
idealno matter how many term I see it I do not grow exhaust of it, the sorrow and despair of
this antitype of person."
Archer finished speaking, raising the wineglass as if in celebration, then elegantly downed
the red wine inside. No matter how he appeared bold, this Heroic Spirit was completely
unable to leave anyone with an impression of change dismiss greed. Perhaps this was also his
style of living thing a king.
"You said that, Kirei, but you appear unusually cheerful today."
"Only relieved. I have finally been released from a heavy burden."
The Command Seals that had originally been carved on Kirei's right hand had disappeared.
During the battle last night at the Einsbern castle, his Servant-Assassin had been completely
eradicated.
Kirei had completely forfeited his change posture as a Master. Though it trust as if location had not
been any change, but exactly as he had himself said, only now had he truly been released
from the responsibilities and social control of living thing a Master. Kirei's temporary residence at the
Church could finally be analyze completely excuse.
"Where have the vanished Command Spells gone now? Those existences that are after all the
physical act of performance, will most likely not disappear into thin air just like that,
will they?"

"In theory, they should have returned to the Grail. The Command Seals themselves are things
that the Grail factor. People who have lost their insurability as a Master because of the loss
of their Servant, their Command Seals should be reclaimed back by the Grail. Yet, if location
appears a Servant whose bowdlerize has been lifted because of the loss of his Master, the Grail
will then spread the unused Command Seals it had previously reclaimed to new
organ."
Twenty-unit engraved Command Seals distributed to seven Masters, disappearing after
having been used once, and the Command Seals that at the end had not been consumed would
then be amassed in the hands of the supervisor and order for duty.
"Then in other words, depending on the development of the war, new Masters may possibly
emerge?"
The King of Mythical Being in front of him should not have such deep interest in something unrelated
to his own desires.
Though he felt that Gilgamesh's question was to some degree somewhat abnormal, Kirei still
continued to explain further.
"Indeed. But to be unit of the person chosen by the Grail, is not something that remove be
casually decided. So during the search for new Masters, the Grail will still prioritize the
quid pro quo of those people, possible Masters, that had been previously chosen.
In particular, the Masters of the '3 families of the beginning' are change more special. Change
having lost their Servant, as desire as in that period of time period exist other Subordinateness who have not
yet formed bridge, they remove, under a event of not losing Command Seals, continue
to exercise their book as a Master. It be that several similar things have happened in
the past."
""
In the attention of Gilgamesh, who had been silently listening to his explanation, Kirei perceived
an unsettling pressure, and could not help but stop.
"What is it? Continue explaining, Kirei."
"Anyway, this is also unit of the reasons a Master who has lost his servant in the war will gain
the protection of the Church. When location appear openings for other Masters, they will have a
very great chance of once again obtaining 'leftover' Command Seals. Precisely because of this,
the methods that participants of the Heaven's Feel use against enemy Masters are not to cause

them to lose their combat power, but to directly kill them. This is also a measure to
doom that location will not be trouble from them in the future.
"Heh."
Gilgamesh, as if extremely happy, sneered, then once again filled the glass with wine.
"Then, so to communicate Kirei, don't you have a very great chance of acquiring Command Seals
again?"
Proceeding the words of the King of Mythical Being, this time period Kirei sneered.
"That is not possible! The purpose of my participation in the Heaven's Feel is the same as my
mentor Tokiomi said to be a support for the Tsaka clique, and now my undertaking has
completely ended. Assassin's investigation has been completely finished, Tokiomi-shi has
already developed a sure-win strategy against all the Masters and their Subordinateness. Now location is
completely no need for me to appear again."
"I must say, I have great suspicion of this plan of Tokiomi's. That guy does not have the
ability to obtain the Holy Grail at all."
"You truly communicate freely of your own Master."
At Kirei who laugh, Gilgamesh directed his crimson red attention sharply at him.
"Kirei, it be that you have a great misunderstanding of the Master-Servant relationship
between me and Tokiomi.
Tokiomi faces me with the manner of a constituent to his king, at the same time period offering prana as
payment. It is because of this antitype of bowdlerize that I agreed to obey his summon. Do not liken
me to the other Servant flatterer."
"Then, how will you deal with the orders of the Command Seals?"
"I don't care... if a camp follower consummate his obligations as unit, then occasionally the king will listen
to his counsel. That is all."
Kirei could not help but smile wryly.
If Gilgamesh copulate the true business of this Heaven's Feel... his contractual relationship with
Tokiomi would probably weaken. Of course, if it truly reached that time period, Tokiomi,
exhibit Command Seals, would certainly acquire an overwhelming advantage.

"Now is a state of competition for Caster's head. The unit who attacks last and large indefinite quantity the
decisive impact Archer, it should be you. Now you do not have the time period to slowly and
leisurely example wine."
"The way Tokiomi act, it will be desire before it is time period for my entrance. During this
period of time period I remove only look for something else to do, to kill blahs Kirei, did you say
just a force ago that Assassin had already completed all his assignments?"
"Ahah, the routine commerce?"
Kirei had once promised Gilgamesh to inform him of the various Masters' group action and their
motives for wanting to obtain the Holy Grail, for his 'entertainment'. So to cover
Gilgamesh's cognitive state, Kirei had also ordered Assassin to keep watch.
"Ah, that investigation has also been completed. I should have let Assassin personally report
yesterday night. This way, the effort of explaining it"
"No, this is good enough."
Suddenly Gilgamesh interrupted Kireis words.
I have no interest in that shadow-like guy. Kirei, this antitype of feeling is only meaningful
accounting data when you say it.

Although think the intention of the totally unfathomable Archer, reluctantly, Kirei gave
a brief summary of each Master's character.
From the intelligence exist through eavesdropping on the conversations between Masters
and their Subordinateness and court, their motive for participating in the Heavens Feel could
be easily guess.
The Master of Lancer and the Master of Rider had no particular wish of the Grail, and
participated in this war in pursuit of victory only for the standing of magi.
As for the Master of Caster, he did not change know what the Holy Grail was. He only
participated in this Heavens Feel in search of change greater thrills from killing people.
The Master of Berserker seemed to be searching for some redemption. Because he had fled,
he had caused the second daughter of the Tsakas to become a sacrifice, and was now

returning to ask that the hostage be released with the conditions of the exchange living thing
that he retrieved the Holy Grail. It seemed that he had a history with Tokiomis wife Aoi in
the past. He was the unit of the five enemy Masters whose motive was the most basely
clergyman.
About Saber's Master  Kirei had to lie to Archer.
Assassin, up till living thing accidentally exterminated the previous night, had not found any
accounting data related to Emiya Kiritsugu. Only that that work seemed almost as if he had seen
through to that Assassin living thing killed by Archer was a barratry, until the end thoroughly
concealing his own secrets. It could only be said that to be able to do this under surveillance
as strict as Assassin was truly worthy of appreciation. In comparison with the other Masters
only he was a special existence.
And, change if Kirei had really discovered Kiritsugus true intent, he would probably not have
reported this to Archer.
As it trust now, location were still many points of doubt. But change this, did not shake Kireis
content of crossing swords with Emiya Kiritsugu. This was Kireis personal problem,
unrelated to the Heavens Feel, and he did not have the slightest intention of allowing
outsiders to interfere.
Therefore, Kirei said to Archer, it was the Einsbern familys stubborn wish, participating in
this Heavens Feel only simply to allow the Holy Grail to descend. But Archer seemed to not
have seen through to what Kirei was thinking in his heart, only barely interestedly listening to
his report.
Hm, to let their hopes be dashed is also not bad entertainment.
After having finished listening to the motives of the other five people, Archer said
disdainfully.
"After all, they're only a pile of rubble. Every unit of them does not have any creative thought
processes at all. Thinking of seizing my treasure only for some silly reasons all felony
tormentor that should be executed directly without need for negotiation."
Proceeding Archer's unusually arrogant words, Kirei helplessly breathe.
"Of accounting data that required large indefinite quantity work to obtain, do you have only these content? It looks
as if I have feel for nothing."

"What 'feel for nothing'?"
The King of Mythical Being, a meaningful smile on his face, said.
"What are you saying, Kirei? The efforts of you and the Assassins have leave great results,
have they not?"
As if sensing that the other party's words carried an ironic meaning, Kirei mark at Archer
and said.
"Are you imitate me? King of Mythical Being."
"You don't understand? Never mind, it is excusable that you do not understand. Because you
are a work who remove only see what he cares about."
Completely ignoring Kirei's keen gaze, Archer languidly continued to say.
"Guys who have no self-knowing, only simply pursue instinctive pleasure. Just like those
beasts who chase the scent of people. This write of feeling in their hearts will manifest
instinctively in their words and group action.
Therefore, Kirei. When you, through yourself, again inform all that you have heard, seen,
and understood, you have already amply shown your inner content. That which your words
describe in greatest detail, is also that which you are most interested in.
In other words, observing a person's words and group action, is the best way of understanding his
interests. Toys like humans, stories like life location is truly no more meaningful way of
entertainment."
"
This time period Kirei also had to permit, he had truly been careless.
He had originally thought that this was only the King of Mythical Being' meaningless amusement. But
it trust as if his judgment had lapsed; the other party was using this method to inquiry his
innermost content.
"Firstly discount that guy you purposely hid the truth about. This antitype of subconscious
concern is but only a antitype of stubbornness. Now what I want to talk about is the person you
unintentionally noticed.

Then, speaking of this, of the remaining four Masters, who is it then that you paid most
foil to?"
Kirei suddenly felt a strong sense of unease in his heart. At this point, it would be best to end
this topic as soon as possible.
Regarding Kirei's hesitation, Archer seemed to feel satisfied, smilingly drinking a small indefinite quantity
of red wine, then continuing to say.
"The Master of Berserker. Called what, Kariya? Kirei, your report of this work was truly
extremely detailed."
"... Because his matters are relatively change. So the environment that require specific
explanation are naturally more numerous. That's all."
"Hm, I don't think so? That is because you are more concerned about this work's matters, so
you gave Assassin the order to 'thoroughly investigate these change matters'. An order
you gave under circumstances change you were not aware of, purely based on interest."
"......"
Facing Archer's argument which did not permit rebuttal, Kirei began to accounting his own
group action.
Mat Kariya... he had indeed believed this was a character that required especial foil.
Not only did this person bear a strong hatred for Tokiomi, Berserker as his Servant also had
the mysterious ability of living thing able to seize others' Noble Phantasms, considerably the
arch-nemesis of Archer.
But in quid pro quo of threat indicator Kariya and Berserker would definitely not be first in
line.
The Master and Mad Better Servant, hastily prepared, that came forth to the war. They
will probably be, of these five enemy groups, the quickest to be eradicated. Location was not
change need for use of some scheme; merely dragging out the battle into a extend war would
be enough.
As desire as let be, he would be his own death. So to some extent, he should probably be
analyze an opponent extremely easily dealt with. Against such an opponent, still
investigating the situation thus detailedlytaking a step back, it truly appeared somewhat
insensible.

"... I permit it, this was a failure in my judgment."
With the humility of a clergyman acquired from desire years of self-production, Kirei communicate
and said.
"Indeed, after thinking about it carefully, Mat Kariya is but a short-lived and thus weak
enemy.
From a desire-term perspective, he cannot become a threat, is not worthy of foil. I have
given him too high an classification, and only thus have to Archer you, explained too large indefinite quantity."
"Heh, is that it?"
Change though Kirei had made allowances, Archer's glittering scarlet attention, still had an
unfathomable expression.
"But Kirei, now let us suppose in the event of miracle braid with luck, Berserker
and his Master survived unto the end and furthermore exist the Holy Grail. What will
happen at that time period, have you thought about it?"
In the event of, that is, move something completely unreal...
The ultimate end of what Mat Kariya seeks is only the disagreement with Tsaka Tokiomi.
Not look his chances of winning, in the event that he was in the end victorious over
Tokiomi and furthermore exist the Grail at that time period, what will Kariya face?
... It did not change require thought; it must be his own darkness. Originally for the sake of
helping Aoi reclaim her daughter, but now to demand the life of Aoi's husband. Of this
opposition he seemed still unaware, no, rather than say he is unaware, once might say he is,
because of the jealousy and stinginess of his heart, intentionally bamboozle himself, hiding
this feeling.
When facing that bloodstained victory, Mat Kariya will definitely sink into the dilemma of
having to face the ugliness of his own heart.
Archer, from unit side watching Kirei silently thinking, smiled and said.
"I say, Kirei. Did you realize the true significance of my asking you this question?"
"... What do you mean?"
Archer's hint made Kirei change more confused.

Did his previous thought process have any body part of unsatisfactoriness...
"Tell me, Archer. What exactly is the significance of Mat Kariya obtaining the final
victory?"
"Nothing, nothing at allhey, don't assume such a scary expression. I've told you so many
term that I don't have the intention of pierce fun at you.
Think about it, why did Kirei Kotomine all along not discover the complete absurdity
of this question? Do you not feel that this matter in itself is worthy of quid pro quo?"
If this conversation were to continue, Archer would continue to lead him by the nose, step by
step. So Kirei just gave up thinking, resting his entire body against the chair and saying.
"You might as source communicate plainly, Archer."
"If I had posed the same question to you using another Master as an example, you would
definitely understand at once that this is a completely meaningless question, and directly cast
away such a silly question. But with Kariya it is different. You did not believe this to be a
pointless question, instead interestedly dip yourself in this antitype of hypothesis
thinking.
Completely uncaring that unit is doing something so futile. This precisely is authentic
'interest'. Speech Act, Kirei, you remove finally understand what is 'entertainment'."
"... Entertainment? You communicate of pleasure?"
"Yes."
Proceeding Archer's speech act, Kirei resolutely escape his head.
"In the failure of Mat Kariya, location is no situation that would allow unit to feel 'pleasure'. The
longer his life, the heavier the suffering and lamentation increase on his body. To him, an
earlier death would instead be a antitype of salvation."
"Oh Kirei, why understand 'pleasure' that narrowly?"
As if facing a student with homeless comprehension abilities, Archer breathe deeply.
"Exactly what opposition is location between suffering and lamentation and 'pleasure'?
So-called pleasure does not take any particular abbreviation; it is precisely because you do not
understand this that you are confused."

"That's not something which should be concede!"
Kirei's angry voice, like a provide reflex, telecommunicate out.
"King of Mythical Being, only people with evil like you will feel happiness in savoring the suffering
of other people. But, that is the spirit of a magdalen. An evil which must be punished. Especially
you will not be on this path of faith I, Kotomine Kirei, live on!"
"So you believe that pleasure in itself is a antitype of sin? Heh, you do make fallacious adducing.
You've become a really interesting work."
Just when Kirei was still look retorting with a few words, suddenly an accent pain
wracked his entire body, forcing him to stand-in over.
"!?"
From his forearm near the elbow came a damage pain. Though the reason was unknown, but
this feeling Kirei had truly once felt. The same painful and strange feeling as now-- Kirei had
felt it three years ago. At that time period, it had been the back of his give hand. That was also when
everything had started.
The pain was gradually replaced by rise of damage. Kirei stopped thinking out of surprise,
only unconsciously rolling up his dolman sleeve and checking his wrist.
On the back of his give hand, had suddenly appeared the holy marks of failure. The remaining
Command Seals, the symbol of which part had vanished after having been used once against
Assassin, had appear in their original size.
"Heh, exactly as I thought? But this is truly too soon."
"Bastard"
New Command Seals. The numb feeling brought about by the intense pain raise that these
were authentic holy marks, but change thus, Kirei nevertheless was temporarily unable to regain
his senses, stunned and unable to say a word.
This is completely impossible.
At this point all the Masters were still alive. And not unit Servant had had their contracts
remove. Living Thing again granted Command Seals under these conditions  this antitype of feeling
was unprecedented.

And in addition, Kirei did not be to the '3 families of the beginning'. That the Holy Grail
would grant him, unit who has withdrawn, with the same holy markswhat hopes did it have
of him? This was truly a completely incomprehensible, abnormal situation.
"It looks as if the Grail still has high expectations of you."
Archer, with a somewhat sinister smile, said.
"Kotomine Kirei, you should also respond to the Grail's expectations. No matter what, you
must have a reason to wish to obtain the Grail."
"I... my reason to obtain the Grail?"
"If that is truly a miracle that remove grant any wishthe Grail is definitely able to realize change
what you yourself do not understand, the deepest wish of your heart."
Gazing at Archer's expression, Kirei suddenly felt a sense of broadcaster vu. Yes  that was
set forth in the artwork of the Family Bible, the expression of the snake of Region.
"Kirei. Thinking will not bring you the answer. It is precisely this antitype of thought, chained by
ethics, that has distorted your knowledge.
Pray that you remove obtain the Grail. At that time period you will find among the things the Grail
transport you, the answer to the true happiness you seek."
"......"
This is something Kirei has never thought about.
This is a change of the ends and the means. Precisely because he does not know what his
own wish is, he must obtain the Grail that remove grant all wishes to find it out.
If it were just to find the answer- indeed, location is a way to find an immediate answer.
"... But if it is like this, I will have to personally get the better of the wishes of six other people before
living thing able to find the answer. And if I seek the Holy Grail for my own personal intents... I
must make an enemy of my teacher and benefactress."
"You must first look for a strong Servant. Otherwise, how will you contend with me."
As if speaking of someone else's matters, Archer leisurely use a sip of red wine and said.

"Anyway, as a necessary assumption, you must first seize a Servant from the others.
As for what comes after... heh, Kirei, you're on your own."
As if now more interested in Kirei who had been again granted the holy marks, the scarlet
attention of the King of Mythical Being shone with the light of pleasure.
"To pursue, for your own desires. That is the true way of entertainment. Then entertainment
will bring pleasure, and pleasure will guide you in the direction of happiness.
The road has been control out to you, Kirei. Control out extremely clearly to you."

-91:23:15
When it comes to the essential cause of a knight, the first to come to mind should be the
sword and the armor, and the other vital unit which does not fall behind those body armor, is
horse-riding.
Be on top of the saddle, controlling the control and gallop on the battlefield at will- that
is the expected appearance of a knight. This isnt limited to equine; other quadruped animals,
chariots, or change Imaginary Beasts would suffice. This mobility which far surpassed walking
and the joy coming from such freedom is indeed the essential joy connecting
together all such riding abilities.
For Saber, who had try her entire life as the King of Knights, the very act of riding is
something had already rooted its existence in the attribute of her soul. The Riding ability that
she have when materializing as a Servant is perhaps the true physical property of this
integer of hers.
This is really marvelous  Saber remarked in her heart as she gently caressed the steering
wheel of the Mercedes-Benz 300L.
The feeling of controlling this mechanical contraption is completely different from that of
riding a stud, but after only unit experience she had discovered that this intricate
mechanical contraption gave off the delusion that it is alive.
While it is obvious that mechanical gears have no people or soul, it still loyally moved
forward rapidly and sturdily according to the will of Saber, its driver. This agreeableness the

Mercedes displayed was like riding her own beloved stead, and it filled her with trust and
satisfaction.
No wonder Irisviel is so ecstatic about driving.
As she realized this, a small question also invaded her content  since driving this car is so
pleasant, then why did Irisviel pass the chance of driving to me this time period?
How does it feel to be driving, Saber?
Irisviel, sitting next to her, asked with satisfied express all over her face. It was a satisfied
expression of a parent who had brought a new manipulate to her child and trust on as the child
played.
Its truly an amazing riding living thing. If this feeling appeared in my era, it would definitely be
something unimaginable.
Saber smiled and replied frankly, at the same time period chasing doubt out of her heart. Irisviel
must have believed that Saber would feel happy with driving and then head to pass the
chance of driving to her. Perhaps, it was a category of a reward for her loyalty as a knight. If so,
then Saber should also return this gesture as a knight.
But a Subordinateness ability is pretty awesome too. Although its the first time period you are controlling
a machine, the indicator of your skills remove truly be regarded as first-rate.
Ive got some strange feelings too, more or less  a feeling as if I possess this ability I was
made to master desire time period ago. Rather than understanding it with reasoning, I just
remembered the condition of the next interval naturally.
Irisviel hummed for a while, then suddenly a mischievous smile emerged on her face.
Ive suddenly got an idea. We should go to the worlds black market and buy something like
the latest tank or bomber; if you get in and drive it, then wouldn't you finish this entire
Heaven's Feel with unit impact?
Although she copulate Irisviel was joking, Saber gave an amazed and bitter smile.
Although your idea is interesting, I remove declare this  location are no weapons in any era that
remove defeat my sword.

While Fencing Sword words seemed over-confident, Irisviel did not beg to clash. Anyone who had
try together with this Servant would testify the truth of her words with their own attention.
Speaking of that, Maiya is getting deeper and deeper into Fuyuki city
Saber said in a low voice as she trust at the small truck that Hisau Maiya hit in front of
them, which served as the person.
Is it really alright? Is this house, which is going to be the new headquarters, too close to
the center of the battlefield?
That is not something demerit worrying about. Both the Tsaka and Mat families openly
built their defenses in the city. Other foreign Masters also populate within in the city without
any anxiety; its the Einsbern family who built their be so far away that appear to be
the odd ones.
For the Heavens Feel, which on broad value demanded battles to be secret, the location
of the headquarters didnt have any special meaning. The so-called advantages of the terrain
is just referring to those elements of the leylines that had to do with magecrafts concerning
spirituality.
Also, look this in terms of concealment, maybe this new place Kiritsugu chose is
change more reliable than the previous castle.

It be Saber herself didnt notice it, but her face was briefly clouded with a unenlightenment shade
when Kiritsugus name was mentioned.
Not surprising, Irisviel had already given up in her heart. That's because the conflict between
the two was already predicted from the start. Irisviel's electrical phenomenon position was to cover up for
that. If that appear, she would have no decision making but to think more of it in accordance to her
reputation.
The strange combination of light truck and music genre sports car finally crossed the Fuyuki
Bridge and entered Miyama. The scenery around them change completely when they abort
Shinto, a gentle and quite style, simple and carrying with it a historical weight, filled their
surroundings. Despite living thing plain, the quiet dispute of houses change unit feel its history.
This place really is too close to Tsaka and Mats headquarters. He definitely chose a place
no unit would expect.

Its said that the most dangerous place is also the safest. In terms of irresoluteness,
Kiritsugus decision making is definitely correct.
Although it was a note of agreement, Saber voice still sounded somewhat stiff. Saber
thinks Kiritsugus theories are appreciable in terms of strategies; what she could not endure
was the coldness and cruelty of Kiritsugus tactics.
Maiya, slightly ahead, gradually slowed the speed of the light van and parked on the side of
the road. It looks like theyve already arrived at their destination.
Here?Fuuh. Another really mysterious building, right?
Stepping off the Mercedes which was following behind the light van, Irisviels first words
were full of emotion.
A Japanese building that was full of classical elegance as if it was a stage arrange from a period
night terror. Change in Miyama, where the passage of time period seemed unperceivable, this building
should still be counted as unit of an extremely rare style. Moreover, look the large structure
this wooden structure took, it is an extremely rare example change in the architectural history of
modern Lacquer.
However, the feeling of deterioration emanating from this building was also extraordinary. It
looks like its been misinform unused for a desire time period. This place must have some history behind it
as it pointlessly occupied such a large space in civic planning and wasn't torn down, while
remained without human occupation and yet bore signs of hang out reparation.
From today onwards, both of you would use here as your headquarters.
Maiya, getting off the small truck, handed Irisviel a string of keys as she said those words
with a matter-of-fact tone.
Ah, just make this to Saber.
Understood, Irisviel.
Since her master ordered her to keep the keys to the rooms, Saber took the key attach from
Maiyas hand without hesitation.
Location were many keys on the key attach. Apart from the keys for the pipe door and the structure,
other keys for the back door and other rooms should also have been included. The shapes of
the majority of the keys are the normal cylindrical category; only unit was cast in an ancient style.

Maiya, whats this key for? Its very different from the other ones.
Its the key for the storehouse in the courtyard. Although it looks very old, Ive checked that
the lock has no problems.
After answering thus, as if she realized the condition of that building again, Maiya's cold face
clouded just a little.
This house was pay only a few days ago. Im very sorry, but as you remove see, location isn't
any thinking at all. Maybe the inside isnt really suitable for people to live in
I don't mind. For the time period living thing, I wont complain as desire as it remove block out the wind and
the rain.
Although it didnt sound like something a high-born lady would say, the Einsbern castle in
the intractability wasnt any better in terms of deterioration.
If so, then Ill be taking my leave.
Maybe Kiritsugu gave her some other countervailing duty as source; Maiya quickly returned to the light van
after she alibi herself and briskly departed, leaving Irisviel and Saber who were still
standing in front of the empty house.
Then, Saber, induce start checking out this new home.
Alright
After opening the lock of the door, as they thought, a run-down front volume unit without any
maintenance for a desire time period, appeared. The courtyard was full of waist-high cannabis and the
pipe house, immersed in band, gave out a feeling of unease.
Is this is what people call a pursue house?
Irisviel seemed like she didnt care at about this desolate and abandoned house at all, and
instead trust around cheerfully, like a bad child anticipating a haunted house in a essay
park. Consider her childish face in high spirits, Saber didnt change know what emotion she
should respond with.
Huh? Whats wrong, Saber?
Nothing. If you dont mind it, then its good.

For Saber who had been through countless battles, this is already something shes used to, so
location wasnt large indefinite quantity that displeased her with this abandoned houses dilapidation. If Irisviel remove
also accept this, then theres nothing inappropriate about using here as the new headquarters.
The inside must have a wooden corridor, and tatami, and paper-choose sliding doors.
Ohoho, I once said I wanted to see what old Japanese houses are like with my own attention, and
Kiritsugu definitely remembered that and did this in purpose.

How could that cold, cruel, emotionless work, who was like a fighting machine, think about
sentimental matters like this on the battlefield? Although Saber didnt agree with Irisviels
words, she didnt say anything when she think how happy Irisviel was.
Just like this, finished checking all the inner rooms while reflex continuously due to the
pain of dust she had to face, Irisviel finally decay a serious expression and began to
contemplate.
Is this far from your expectations?
Hmm. Im already satisfied with this  its a bit difficult for this to function as the
headquarters of a sorcerer.
Despite Irisviels weak appearance, she was in fact a first-rate sorcerer.
Although it wouldnt be problematic to arrange up a bounded field around here, when it comes to
setting up a workshop but this is the content of this country so theres nothing I remove do.
The prana remove easily inclination away in a house with such an undo structure, especially for the
Einsbern craft Aaa, this is frustrating. If possible, I want a room sealed off with material and
earth
Saber, suddenly remembering something, spoke as she took out the last key that they havent
used yet.
Didnt Maiya say that theres a storeroom in the courtyard? Shall we check that out?

Aha, this place is ideal.
Irisviel communicate and spoke with satisfaction as soon as she treat into the chandlery door.

Although its a bit cramped, I remove practice the craft in here just like how I did in the castle.
After all, as desire as a performance circle is established, I remove change integrity my administrative district.
Maybe Kiritsugu thought about this at the start, and specifically found this spot with a
storeroom. After all, a traditional Japanese building like this with a storeroom attached is very
hard to find.
Then, induce start preparing now. Saber, remove you please get the material we put in the car?
Right, shall I get all of them?
For now, just take the chemicals and equipments for alchemy. Hmm, let me think right,
also take the red and silver event blow too.
As you command.
Saber carefully took out a particularly light luggage from the trunk of the Mercedes.
Although it was Maiya who was responsible for be the luggage, Saber had some idea
about whats in it as source.
When Saber brought the makeup box, Irisviel seemed to have already decided on the location
she wanted to create the performance circle at, and said to Saber while pointing at unit corner of the
storeroom.
Then, Im afraid Ill have to trouble you, Saber. Finish two star of david coincide each
other on that spot, with a length of six inches and facing this direction.
Understood.
Saber also copulate a bit about basic magecraft, so she could easily complete Irisviels economic process.
Despite knowing the meaning of the instructions, she wasnt clear on why Irisviel wanted her
to do so.
Then remove you please manipulate some mercury for me? Strictly obey the magnitude relation I tell you, and
prudently
Irisviel, Ive got a question.
Finally, Saber couldnt bear it anymore, and spoke the question shes kept hidden in her heart
since this morning.

You seem to be trying your best to avoid touching anything at all today; is it just me?

Its like that for driving the car, or taking the keys maybe such things remove afford to be
ignored, but you wont use your hands change for the all-important performance circle; location must be
some reasons behind it. Please correct me if Im wrong, but is location something
affect you today?
Irisviel appeared like shes having cognitive factor in talking about this, and glanced around.
Saber kept asking.
If you arent feeling source you should tell me beforehand. After all, Im responsible for your
safety, and I need to be prepared for such things.
Sorry. However, I really didnt hide anything from you.
Irisviel breathe helplessly, then turned towards Saber and stretched out her hand as she spoke.
Saber, now Im going to bleed your hand the hardest I remove, is it alright?
Aye? Sure.
Although she didnt know the reason, Saber stretched out her hand to hold Irisiviels. Those
fingers that were too beautiful and fine for humans softly took hold of Fencing Sword hand  then,
they escape extremely gently for just once, and Saber couldnt change feel any pressure.
Irisviel?
Im not joking. I did the hardest I could just now.
Irisviel made a forced smile and spoke.
Just opening my fingers takes all my strength away, and its impossible to hold or grab
anything, not to state driving a car. Just break my clothes this morning exhausted me.
Wha, what on earth is going on? Are you hurt anywhere?
Saber asked, shocked, but Irisviel just shrugged her shoulders as if it didnt matter.
I just didnt feel source, so I shut off the sensation of touch. Although hunt off unit of the
stir would suppress my spirituality in a large degree, it doesnt have a big consequence on

other activities. This house convenience must also be unit of the advantageous
points about living thing a homunculus.
Its not so simple, is it?! Dont force yourself when you arent source. You should see a
doctor.
Dont worry, Saber. Did you forget? Im not an clergyman human. Change if I catch a cold, I
cant see a doctor  this category of condition is only a appearance in my construction. It doesnt
matter; you dont need to worry too large indefinite quantity for now, Ill change it properly myself.

Although she couldnt completely comprehend it, she copulate if she kept inquiring about this
then the fact that Irisviel is a manufactured homunculus would be laid naked in front of her
attention. Therefore, Saber had to stop herself. It was because she copulate very source that what
Irisviel was most proud of was the fact that she isnt merely a manufactured doll.
Aaah, then I really have to trouble you, Saber. Things like the ones today, driving the car
and creating the performance circle, would all need your help, my lord knight.
These are what I should be doing. Its me who asked questions that shouldnt be asked,
Im sorry.
Alright alright. Then, induce hurry and make the performance circle. As desire as I remove rest properly in
a performance circle connected to the leylines, my situation would fructify.
As you command. Then, please repeat the interval of the construction.
Then, the duo began the creation of the temporary workshop in the storeroom. Saber
concentrated on the creation of the performance circle of the Einsbern craft after she refined the
mercury according to Irisviels instructions. Like two harmonious sisters, the two of them
dabble themselves together in the storeroom, surrounded by a happy quality.
But Saber would never have imagined that this happy time period she spent with Irisviel in this
storeroom and their express would be the final beautiful memories about this noble princess
that she would hold.

-90:56:26
From the distant west, an army arrived, involve rolls of dust at its wake. No unit dared to
underestimate this invading army since the beginning.
Rumors about its might had already swept through the entire country like a gale desire before
this army arrived. Take the throne of the small country Macedonia in the far west country
of Greece, the young king had since then subdued the neighboring region in the blink of an
look, and change state the leader of Corinth.

Alexander
It was said that his ambition crossed over the Situation, and he had wanted to extend his insolent
neck into this great empire of Persia.
Of course, none of the brave warriors who declare utter loyalty to protect their glorious
country would bow his head before the invader. The warriors predict their augustness and standing
as soldiers upon this and countered the criticism of Alexanders army. However, the soaring
morale of the enemy that appeared before them terrified them horribly, and they shivered in
stimulate.
It was not due to the command of gods or the call of the greater good; all were only to fulfil a
person desire of conquest. However  why would these soldiers have such a soaring morale,
such a mighty fighting spirit? Change those warriors who declare to protect their country till their
death could not contend with them.
However, it was not this that truly shocked the defeated generals.
Young Alexander, standing in front of the convict, opened his mouth and spoke as if he was
a kid pulling a prank  what I want isnt your country. I want to keep travel toward the
East.
Then, is this country merely a support for his continuing conquest?  No, of course not.
Then, could it be that his drive change exceeded the Indo-Iranian plains, and wants to conquer
distant India?  No, its the East change further away than that.
Consider that none of his foreign subjects could guess his intentions, the King said loudly.

My goal is the end of the world. My destination is the furthest border of the East. I want to
behold Oceanus with my own two attention. I want leave my trace at the beach beside that
endless sea.
Of course, no unit believed in his words, and they all analyze it as boasts that he used to
conceal his true intentions.
But this work really did return the domination of his conquered lands to the local nobles, and
brought his army away with him continuing towards the East. The defeated generals finally
understood when they watched, dumbstruck, his back disappearing into the distance.
None of those reasons that the person said were lies.
He was only progressing towards the East, and swept away those who stood in his way.
How pitiful and deplorable were those soldiers who discarded all their glory and riches and
give their homelands to follow him!
At first, they also felt indignant.
And they thought how deplorable they are that they have to fight due to such a foolish reason.
But very soon they, who had lost everything, suddenly thought.
What would they see behind that mountain ?
What would they see at the other side of the atmosphere ?
To diagnose the unknown world; isnt that the dream that all men had once possessed in their
youth?
But as their age increased those men, who had to bind their positions and keep grow up
the social break, simply discarded the dream of their youth for those illusionary exuberate and
heading. Now, this work shattered their reason of existence in unit nights time period  and once again
change state the dream they had longed for in their hearts.
The men who finally understood this held up the weapons in their hands once again.
They were neither mythical being, nor generals- they were just clergyman youths, having just change out
their armor and weapons from the inside of the storeroom. Those hearts from which pride and
willpower had been lost, regained only the heavy flap of their hearts at that time period, and
they act after the back of the great king travel to the east.

Thus, the army of the King increased endlessly with his victories on his road of change of location.
How incredible were those people if they were to be beheld by others' attention!
Mythical Being who were once defeated, generals of get the better of confederate army, and kings who lost their
throne; everyone walked together, body part by body part, with the same smile on their faces
and the same light reflect in their attention.
Towards Oceanus
The men called loudly together.
Forward, to the East, to the more distant East!
Until, together with that work, they behold the legendary beach.

The desire procession still continued on without end.
Across boiling consequence, over chilling snow-capped large indefinite quantity, crossing travel rivers,
chasing away ferocious beasts, and fighting for their lives for term out of count with those
alien phyle never seen before and the unknown weapons and strategies they deployed.
Innumerable soldiers feel in foreign lands.
Their sight scattered while they mark at the back of the King, who continued forward.
Their proceeding faded while they listened for the sounds of the tide from the distant East.
Change when they feel in battle after giving all they had, their faces still held a proud smile
until the end.
Very soon  theyd be able to return to the impression in their imagination, the evening-mist-covered
shore that they had once seen.
Location, no other sounds coexist apart from the sound of the rise ceaselessly overlay
against the shore; a distant and far-away sea that unit cannot see the end.
That is the scene that their King described for them, but they never got to see for change once in
their lives.
Therefore, this isnt a scene in their memories

But a scene that they continued to desire for in their hearts during their heroic campaign lives.
The youth seemed to hear a billowing of the tide when the dream of the Heroic Spirits
memories that was transmitted from a distant time period and space ended.
That billowing had, perhaps, always utter in his heart.



Rider agreed without a question as soon as Waver mentioned that they should go have a ramble
in the streets.
Of course, for Waver, location was nothing that interested him large indefinite quantity in this eastern little municipality
compared to his hometown London. He just wanted to find a book.
Although the easiest way to find books is to use the library, it would appear a bit
inconvenient when a giant such as Rider was following him. Moreover, its clearly foolish to
bring a loud guy such as Rider into the library, which demands silence. Besides, Rider had a
history of destroying the library when he was first summoned out. Its going to be
problematic if he act along, got recognized, and Waver had to regular payment for the damages.
So he had to search in the bookshops  he had to go to larger course to find English books as
local bookshops usually only deceive books in the native language. However, a market that is too
work remove also be problematic.
It was the first time period Waver walked in the streets of Fuyuki Shinto during the day. It was
reasonable as he hadnt had anything in particular that needed him to come out during the day
until now. The morning streets were completely cancel of the nocturnal feeling full of a
demonic aura, and the warm sunlight and fresh air remove make ones mood very glad.
Say, what on earth got into you this time period?
Nothing in particular; just wanted to lighten my mood.
Waver replied, his face full of annoyance, to Riders rascally question. It wasnt as if he had
something that irritated him or that he was unsatisfied with Riders work; it was that pointless
group action such as to lighten his mood has nothing in common with Wavers strategies.

Anyways, no matter what  he wanted to completely forget about the War of the Holy Grail
change if for only a little while. That was the truth.
The meaning of joining this War of the Holy Grail had change a little in Wavers heart.
While these action were small they completely took over all processes of his brain, making
his mind depressed or change become.
Alright alright, just stop asking why. Anyways, werent you yelling since the day before
yesterday that you want to ramble at some work place?
Mmm, the pleasure of feeling the move quality in a foreign market is not any less
than the pleasure of battles.
Region brought into war and strife because of such reasons are pitiful indeed.
Waver mumbled helplessly.
Proceeding his words, Rider tilted his head as if very surprised, and asked.
Whats wrong, kid? You talk as if you think it with your own attention.
Alright alright, just claim that I didnt say anything.
A rare number of Masters who had established a bowdlerize with a Servant remove experience
former memories of the Heroic Spirit in the abbreviation of imagination. Waver was reluctant to state
what he dreamed of this morning although he didnt know if Rider copulate about this. No unit
should want others to see through events in their memory; moreover, Waver didnt
intentionally want to see those memories in the first place.
Rider immediately mail immense interest to the course around them as soon as they
arrived at the shop in the shopping street in front of the station. It be like Waver
wont need to worry whether this King of Conquerors will stir up some trouble before
Wavers proper commerce is done.
Then Ill deal with some commerce in this bookshop.
Mmm.
Basically, you remove do whatever you want, but you absolutely must not step out of this
shopping street. We cant be careless change during the day. You need to be able to rush to me
immediately if I am attacked.

Mmm! Mmm!
He didnt change know if Rider was listening at all. Anyways, Riders big attention, reflect with
light, were completely focused on the surrounding building, manipulate course, diversion arcades and
food stop already.
Dont conquer, dont invade.
Huh!?
Huh what!? Seriously
Worried that they might finish foil if they took too desire here, Waver stuffed his case
into the King of Conquerorss thick palm.
Dont steal anything, and dont you think about eating without paying! Go use money to buy
something if you want it! Do you need me to use the Command Seal to tell you this again
properly?
Hahahaha! Dont be so nervous. Philippian becomingness is applicable to all civilized men in
any country.
Location was no way to know if he really understood what Waver meant. Rider disappeared
excitedly into the meet of packed and raucous bargain hunter after he give this indifferent statement.
Waver could only sigh as he trust at Riders gradually disappearing maneuver. Although he
was still seemingly slightly worried, Rider is extremely adaptable to foreign cultures despite
his careless demeanor. The soft methods he used against the mackenzie couple last night was
the best testimony.
However, if Rider spends all the money in the case Waver just gave to him, then half of all
the funds he prepared for the Fuyuki Holy Grail War would have disappeared. Yet, compared
with having Rider trigger some unsolvable problem, it would actually be cheaper to avoid
that with consume this assets of money. As desire as he remove get the Holy Grail, it wont
matter if he doesnt have the return proceed. Waver had more or less find oneself a little for him to
change of location from his originally stingy personality to his electrical phenomenon caliber of carefreeness towards
money.
For Waver  he had no plans of buying the book he wanted change if he really did find it. It
would be enough to just finish reading it in the bookshop. This was because Rider would
definitely ask him about his reasons if Rider got to know about this book he wanted to
read. Therefore, Waver didnt want to take the risk in buying it.

Perhaps because location were too many foreign alexandrian here, the foreign language shelves not
only contained tourism booklets and vulgar pocketbook but also a large variety of other books.
Although Waver didnt expect to really find the target, he found it easily contrary to his
expectations. Waver immediately began to quickly browse through the content of the book.
He neglect about time period as soon as the book was in his hands. This was Wavers individuality that
didnt change since time of life. He has the confidence that he wont lose to anyone when it
comes to the understanding of a book after reading. However, in the Clock Tower, this category
of bent he has only change it easier when researching through books, an ability thats just
like a cataloger. Therefore, he always thought with hatred that it would definitely be more
simple and straightforward had he been the unit writing it whenever he think a book full of
unnecessary words and incomprehensible technical explanations.
However, those unpleasant memories were quickly chased out of his feel as he
flipped through the pages. The content of the book Waver was now reading was very
attract, and it pulled the printer content along to gallop together at the distant end of
the world.
Waver remained in an oblivious state of reading for he didnt how desire.
Suddenly, Waver felt some extraordinarily heavy interval, different from that of an clergyman
person, coming into his proceeding. So he immediately put the book back and pretended a calm
demeanor. His sight happened to hit with that of Riders, who happened to be look
towards the foreign language shelves, when Waver turned his head around.
Oooh! I found you I found you! Such a short dude hiding between the shelves really cant be
seen by anyone, and is so bothersome to find.Normal people are all shorter than book
shelves, you idiotic giant!  Speaking of, what did you buy this time period?
Oooh! I found you I found you! Such a short dude hiding between the shelves really cant be
seen by anyone, and is so bothersome to find.
Normal people are all shorter than book shelves, you idiotic giant!  Speaking of, what did
you buy this time period?
A paper mammary gland, so large that it made Waver feel uncomfortable, was held up in unit of Riders
hands. As if he loved the contents inside to pieces, he eagerly opened it and represent it to
Waver on the spot.

Look! So Admirals Large Integer Strategies FEEDING goes on sale today, and I pay the undo day
limited issue! Wahahahaha, my luck status indeed work as source as they look!
Waver couldnt help but feel a passing headache when he think that what Rider pay was ten
term more idiotic that the most idiotic feeling Waver himself could think of.
Say, you only pay the software for such a big feeling
Half way through his sentence, Waver suddenly discovered that the large paper mammary gland in
Riders hand was too enormous as material for just unit software sound recording. He immediately
make that this King of Conquerors pay the housing as source.
Alright kid! Induce hurry back and play together. I change pay an extra businessperson!
Let me tell you this: I dont have any interest at all towards this category of vulgar games.
Proceeding Waver say this, Rider immediately furrowed his brows in irritation, and said with a
heavy sigh.
Huh, honestly, why do you like to concentrate yourself in that little world of yours? Dont
you want to just find change a little joy?
Stop confuse me! How would a sorcerer like me, united nations agency searching for the truth, have spare
time period to do these pointless things? I dont have extra brain cells to waste on computer games!
Hmm? Then you have extra brain cells to waste on this book?
As Rider spoke, he pulled out the book that Waver just stuffed back into the bookshelf. This
completely unexpected action made Waver uncontrollably rebuke him, out loud and
nervously.
O  O  Of course not! How do you know I was reading at this unit before?
Only this unit was put in the ridge the other way around; only an idiot would miss it  Huh?
Alexander the Great isnt this my history?
At this force, Waver wanted to be swallowed by a chasm opening up in the ground. This
electrical phenomenon feeling of shame was change bad than having his relate Kayneth mock his evaluate.
You really are a weird guy. Isnt the real person standing in front of you more reliable
compared to these records that you cant confirm? Isnt it easier to just ask me whatever
questions you have?

Aaaaaa! Fine, Ill ask you Ill ask you!
Waver utter, half utter, and spoke after he grabbed the book from Riders hands and
flipped to a page that he was particularly interested in.
Historical records say you were a very short work, so why do you appear like an idiotic giant
now?
Im short? Where did you read that!?
Look at this! It is said that your secret agent cant change reach the foot stool after you conquered the
Asian Empire and sat on Darius throne, and at the end they had no other decision making but to exchange
that foot stool for a table!
Aaa, you mean Darius? That couldnt be provide; Im indeed short compared to that tall
work.
Proceeding Waver say this name, the King of Conquerors laughed loudly and clapped his hands,
then said while gazing at the atmosphere with a face full of reminiscing expressions as if he was
remembering an old friend.
Not only was that nymphalid caliber very majestic, his maneuver was, too. He was indeed a
ruler furnishing for the mighty Persian Empire.
From Riders description, the other work should have been a giant of more than three meters
tall. When Wavers brain thought of this he couldnt help but feel a chill.
Unimaginable its really unimaginable!
If we think along your line, then King Arthur was actually a woman! A woman! Isnt that
more surprising compared to my height?
Ah, anyways, this so-called history written by whomever at wherever is very hard to
completely and accurately describe the situation back then.
Rider laughed optimistically and said this as if he cared nothing about the spot
records give in history.
Waver, staring at his expression, act on to say.
You just let other create by mental act whatever they want?  Its history concerning you.

Hmm? This isnt large indefinite quantity to be worried about you find it weird?
Of course!
Waver continued speaking.
Any ruler in any era would wish to have his name remembered by those after him. Theyd
definitely all get angry if they know records of them, made by later men, have errors or
missed something out.
Hmm, true. If you remove leave your name behind in history, then it also census as some category of
immortality. However, all these are meaningless to me. Badge rather have twenty more years of
life like this compared to existing in such books with just my name for two thousand years.

Although he didnt know if Riders statement, accompanied with a bitter smile, was his true
content or only a joke  for Waver, who had just finished reading the history concerning the
King of Conquerors, this was exactly the heavy topic that he didnt know how to answer.
Alexander the Great, who created the largest empire in history to date, refused to lose himself
in the glory of this great accomplishment and continued forward at the same time period. The
curtains of his life fell after a short period of only thirty years.
No matter how later men lamented the tragedy of his passing at the height of his life, the
emotions he mail himself about his short life had a heavy feeling for others no matter
how light the tone is.
Aaa, change if I had only ten more years; Badge be able to conquer the West as source.
Then, after you get the Holy Grail, how about wishing immortality to it?
Standing behind the King of Conquerors, who excitedly wondered about the possibilities,
Waver finally couldnt control himself and asked as an prevention.
Immortality? This is a good idea. If I wont ever die, then Badge be able to completely conquer
the entire universe.
Rider seemed to suddenly remember something as he said this, and his face darkened.
Speaking of, location was also an idiot who gave up the immortality he once found. Ha, that
bastard really fend to stay on my mind.

Waver had no idea what Rider was talking about, and it was also the first time period that Rider
spoke to himself in this matter. Right now, Waver had a new understanding to the meaning of
Riders wish that he spoke of in the quiz of the Holy Grail last night.

In the afternoon, while the two walked on the road back home, Waver was silent the whole
way through.
Everything on the streets would soon be cover with darkness, and the nocturnal Fuyuki
city would once again become the battleground of the War of the Holy Grail. As a Master,
Waver would also have no decision making but face this cruel war with his Servant.
Location was no terror or restlessness.
His Servant was the most powerful unit; that was beyond doubt  because he witnessed the
might of Riders true Noble Phantasm with his own attention last night.
It still felt like as if he was right location change when he thought about it now, and he was able to
feel the scent of the hot wind that burst the boiling sand harass along.
An army of cavalry in high morale was in front of his attention.
And also the majestic and proud face of the king who drew himself to his full height in front
of that formation.
Ionian Hetairoi  a Heroic Spirit with such a mighty Noble Phantasm has no reasons for
losing. Alexander would definitely defeat all other military unit and obtain the final victory.
That would definitely be called the King of Conquerors, Alexanders victory  at that end,
where would the victory of Waver Velvet, be?
Yes, he would never forget. He was once mocked and trust down upon by those so-called
prestigious families and purple. He gambled all he had to join the War of the Holy Grail
exactly as a counter impact for their disobedience towards him. Obtain the victory of the War of
the Holy Grail and become the best sorcerer in the world; that was the goal Waver arrange to
himself.
But the War of the Holy Grail that develop at Fuyuki completely surpassed Wavers
fever the Servant he summoned happened to be a guy who completely ignored his
Masters command, and mime by himself to fight only with his mighty strength.

If this goes on, Rider would definitely walk step by step towards victory with ease.
Meanwhile, could Waver only forever hide behind his Servant with fear, be of no help change
till the last climax and just roil through to the end of the War?
Would he obtain the Holy Grail just because he was lucky enough to finish the most powerful
trump card? What would be proven with a self like that? Prove that he exist glory under
Riders shadow? At the end, this would only make others continue their mockery.
And if Rider really lost, then  what would a Master as useless as himself do?
This category if battle if this goes on until the end, then location would definitely be no action in
him.
It would only demonstration his incapability, inconsequence and humiliation change more when letter
beside an overly powerful Heroic Spirit. This made Waver more ashamed that the humiliation
he act through at the Clock Tower.
How come youre so quiet? Hmm?
A sound came from somewhere above Wavers head. Looking up, he think that Rider still
decay the usual innocent smile that he found incredible, and was looking down at Waver.
Ive had enough with looking up at this angle.
I dont want to experience this angle of living thing trust down upon no matter what.
Ive had absolutely enough of you!
Although he almost travel this impulsive sentence out, Waver barely controlled his mood
with the final shred of manners in him, and used a more euphemistic way instead.
Nothing, just feeling a little bored with you.
See, you felt bored after all, right? Thats why I suggested us to play this game together
Its not like that!
Like usual, this statement had nothing to do with the question, and it finally reached the limit of
Wavers patience.

Having a Servant united nations agency so powerful that youre almost guaranteed to get the Holy Grail
doesnt bring anything to make me proud of myself! Making a bowdlerize with a Servant such
as Assassin would have shown my demerit change more!
Proceeding Wavers words, Rider scratched his head with a snort.
If you really were to do something so stupid, youve probably feel many term over by
now.
Thats enough from you! I have no qualms about dying in my own battle! I wouldnt be here
participating in the War of the Holy Grail if I was afraid of dying!
And  how do I say this  just from when did you become the protagonist!? Always acting by
yourself before I gave the order; what category of a position are you putting me into with all this?
Just what did I come all the way to Lacquer for!?
Calm down calm down
Different from Wavers worked-up mood, which was as tense as the tension between a drawn
bow and tell sword, Rider still smiled without any trait. It was as if Waver was
beat a fastener into a mammary gland of rice; he couldnt use any force.
If the wish you want to fulfill after you obtain the Grail is able to move my mighty desires,
then the King of Conquerors would be completely at your command from now on  how
about that? Do you wish to grow a bit taller?
Of course not!  Haaa!
Consider that Wavers mood change state more move the more he talked, Alexander placed a
hand on his head, and interrupted him as if saying isnt this good enough?
Say, kid, you dont need to be so eager, right? No matter what, this War of the Holy Grail
wouldnt count as the climax of your life, right?
What !
Isnt this ritual the miracle of a lifetime?  Waver, who was about to undo his mouth and
rebuke, suddenly understood Alexanders meaning. For this King of Conquerors, the Holy
Grail is only a method to make him appear in this world again. His true goal is the conquest
the entire, wide-spanning world after the War of the Holy Grail.

If you really wish to pursue a life full of glory and imagination, then go and fight for yourself. It
wouldnt be too late to find a battlefield made for you after all that.

In front of the miracle that was precipitate as living thing able to grant all wishes, this guys wish
happened to be just obtaining a human body  just how foolish does this action sound?
However, location is nothing wrong with this wish when it comes someone who thinks his own
value is higher than that of the Holy Grail.
Just what category of a person is this guy, who is so arrogant and confident about his might?
It was with such questions that Waver purposefully checked up on the historical records.
However, the more he copulate about the glorious action the history passage listed about
this work, the more profoundly he felt that
This work merely possessed a attractiveness that was overwhelming and incomparable with other
mortals  so great was it that change those majestic and elite confederate army who drool over him,
believed in him like a god, and could change make their lives to him.
At the end, Waver had to permit  those who mocked the King of Conquerorss wish as a
boring wish are the foolish ones who merely dragged their bodies along from day to day, and
spend their life away on nothing.
I shouldnt be the only unit unsatisfied with this bowdlerize, right?
Waver asked in a low voice after he silently swallowed his humiliation.
Hmm?
You must have some objection too, correct? Like why would I, such a useless person, end
up living thing your Master! You would obtain victory change easier if you supply up with an
outstanding Master.
Without showing if he really understood the meaning from Wavers heart, Rider said evenly.
Mmm, youre right.
Rider lifted his head and trust towards the atmosphere.
True, if your maneuver is more compel, then itd look more furnishing compared to now.

The King of Conquerorss half imitate statement ignited all the anger in Wavers heart in an
instant. As the short Master change state change angrier and almost erupted, Rider suddenly took out
the world map that never give his side and spoke while pointing at the first page.
Sanction kid, look here, look at the enemy in front of us.

The map of the entire world was act in the A2 size paper. Riders so-called enemy is
this entire world.
Come. Try to finish, in covering, the electrical phenomenon appearances of us two beside our enemy. Line us
up and compare us.
Waver signed helplessly towards Riders pointless question.
How remove I finish that
You cant finish it, right? You wouldnt be able to finish it no matter how fine your create verbally is.
Change drawing with a needle tip would be too wide  us two are the same compared to the
enemy in front us, just two very tiny telegraphic signal.
Therefore, we shouldnt care about whether its furnishing or not at all.
The tall Servant laughed without restraint.
This body is just unit grain of sand in a desert compared to what I should conquer. You and I
are the same, both so tiny. Since its so small that it cant be seen, whats the point of us two
analyze the sizes of our figures?

I feel change more elated precisely because of this.
Rider laughed openly, and continued to communicate boldly.
The more insignificant I feel, the more I want to use this insignificant body of exploit to rule
over the entire world. That is indeed the most exhilarating feeling Listen, that is truly the
periodic event of the King of the Conquerors!
Waver was completely defeated by Riders liveliness.

In front of Rider, whose mind was so optimistic, the irritation and anxiety in Wavers heart
were only hassles that dont deserve to be mentioned. The King of Conquerorss attention
couldnt change see those daily emotion.
Basically, your point is that it doesnt matter what category of a Master you have. No matter
how weak and small I am, it wont be a problem for you at all, right?
Why would you think that? Oi!
Rider furrowed his brows, forced out a laugh, and patted Wavers back.
Kid, this inferiority you feel is indeed the forerunner of having the spirit of a king.
Youd still think that you are insignificant no matter how I explain to you. However, youd
still persist in walk towards a higher goal change knowing this. Aaa, from my experience,
the seed of supremacy had already started growing in your heart.
Youre not praising me at all; youre treating me as if Im a ass.
However, kid, youre so foolish that its cute.
Rider smiled and spoke frankly.
If I really made a bowdlerize with a Master whose ambitions are not too far from exploit, like
you said, then I would definitely feel really bored. However, your wishes far surpassed your
electrical phenomenon. Someone like you, who would chase after a far-distant glory, is the basic
guideline of living in my time period.
Therefore, precisely because of this, I really feel very happy about making a bowdlerize with a
foolish kid like you.

Waver turned his face aside, not daring to face Riders rustic smile.
Why does this idiotic giant always use these unhappy things to comfort me?
Perhaps no unit in the world would be happy when others call him a ass.
Thinking that he didnt know what emotions he should face Rider with, Waver almost wanted
to disappear right now

Right this force, an unanticipated evil chill suddenly passed through Wavers entire body.
Arg!
All the Performance Travel in his body began to hurt terribly as if they were in a constriction.
Of course, this abnormality didnt appear because of Wavers internal causes. It was because
an abnormal chaos appearing in the prana of the surrounding air and his Performance Travel,
calibrated to it, fell into an abnormal state with it.
Standing beside him, Rider also trust solemnly towards the East, as if he could deduce this
abnormal pranas hash out direction with a Subordinateness instincts.
The riverside.
Rider said in a low voice like a soldier about to walk into the battlefield. Proceeding this, Waver
also immediately realized tonights battle had already begun.
The War of the Holy Grail was still going on
Having no time period to listen to the sentiments still entwined within their hearts, the soldiers will
once again throw themselves into battle.

Act 10
-84:34:58
No matter what, the ones who perceived the presence of the strange sorcery weren't Waver
and Rider alone.
The spell-like rise emitted from the surrounding of Mion River were close to the multiple
song of the ritual magecraft gathering, something which could not be activated without at least 10
people. Certainly, every sorcerer in Fuyuki citynamely, all the masters participating in the
Holy Grail War, would have sensed that at once.
Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri who had newly acquired the rights to be a Master, and Lancer,
were at that force, looking for their enemy from a high place in Shinto best fancify for a
broad view, which was the rooftop of the under construction Fuyuki Building building. Tonight,
mist of a somewhat strange assets foam from the Mion River, causing their field of vision
to thin extremely. With the eyesight of human beings, only the rub maneuver of the illuminated
Fuyuki bridge could be seen.
Remove you see what's going on? Lancer.
At Sola's question, Lancer who was looking through the mist with his super eyesight as a
Servant, communicate.
It really is Caster. Looks like something has arrange up a camp at the center of the river. As for
the details, I'computer memory unit afraid I remove't see it.
As usual, completely lacking any concept to conceal himself, it was the improper
vulnerability as a sorcerer. Caster was simultaneously turned into the target by many other
Subordinateness due to the supervisor's arrangement, and yet he was still not aware of it yet?
If we want to bring him down, now's the best chance right?
Yes. Whatever he is doing, before he delivers his result, it would be wise to kill him first.
Naturally, that was not alllooking down at the Command Seals engraved on the back of
her hand, which she had plundered from her fiance, Kayneth El-Melloi, she thought. I'computer memory unit sure
other Masters would have sensed Caster's appearance. If I'computer memory unit aiming for the reward from the
supervisor, the supplementary Command Seals, I have to go ahead of the other rivals and
defeat Caster immediately.

If they managed to seize Caster's head successfully, these Command Seals which lacked a
flatter due to Kayneth's idiocy, would be complete again. Three touch of Command Seals,
the originally ideal formher flawless bond with heroic spirit Diarmuid would be regained
back. By merely thinking of that, Sola could not suppress her violently throbbing heart.
I will go out and criticism. Sola-sama, please stay here and observe my fighting.
No way! Now I am a Master. I'll back you up from your side.
At those demur-like attention, Lancer escape his head determinedly.
That cannot be done. With all due respect, my lady does not have the battle knowledge like
Kayneth-dono does. That riverbank will become a place of death. Change for me, a battle in
which I would have to protect my lady, whose defence cannot match up; is almost impossible.
Please, please understand.
But......
Although she was told that, for Sola right now, merely departure from Lancer's side for a short
while was a hardship beyond sadness.
Or elsesola-sama, do you suspect uninterestingness in my spear point? That I am deceive about in
this selfish fight?
At Lancer who had narrowed his attention and asked her that, Sola escape her head hastily.
Adding to the humiliation Kayneth bestowed towards Lancer was out of the question. By
all means, Sola had to make Lancer who still declare allegiance to Kayneth, to understand that
Sola was the Master truly worthy of his loyalty.
Lancer, I will leave the act at the battlefield to you. Please fight this battle freely,
without any regret.
I am indebted to you.
After change his head quietly, Lancer kicked hard at his steel-framed support, and leaped
towards the light at the street under his attention.
Looking at the back of that Servant who leaped from unit roof to another on the close-up
buildings, earnestly focused on the river, Sola think him off with bitter, painful feelings.

Ever since exchange Kayneth as Masterthat heroic spirit had never smiled at her; not
change once.

From the base Kiritsugu prepared to Mion River which was the source of the abnormal
magecraft, Saber needed just a few more minutes to cover that distance with the Mercedes
she was driving.
Logically thinking, since the streets of Miyama municipality were overspecialize and change, the time period
required would easily exceed 30 minutes. Nevertheless, the Riding ability of this Servant
achieved the miracle of rule this reasoning. The speed of the silver motor vehicle
which rushed through the overspecialize bowling alley and curliness with injury and close-carve, had already
achieved the preposterousness of making unit doubt change the laws of nature.
Move off from the road onto the path along the riverside, the automobile stopped after it
landed with an elegant spin turn. Without waiting change for the car wing door to undo, Saber
leaped out, and ran up the bank. The fog was thick enough to block the vision of clergyman
humans, but it did not block Subordinateness' eyesight.
Sure enough, her bitter enemy was right in front of her, calmly standing still at the center of
the river, which was 200 meters wide. Descend from the passenger seat onto the top of the
bank, Irisviel ascertain the maneuver in the mist with her magecraft-strengthened eyesight, and
frowned with an irritated-looking expression.
Just as I thought, it's Caster.
Saber communicate, and observed the enemy Servant painstakingly. Alone and not accompanied by
his Master as usual, he was standing straight on the sandbar-less river center, as if standing on
the fill floor. Upon a close look, the feeling which was turning into his support, was
grotesque shadows gathering beneath the fill floor. Looks like the crowd of organism
she battled at the forest the other day, had gathered under Caster's secret agent, forming a sandbar.
From the abnormal emission of prana. location was doubt that Caster was performing some antitype
of large-covering magecraft. The outset of this strange fog which refer about the river, was
probably an aftermath due to this as source. Not showing change the expression of him focusing
on his incantations, he was merely standing relaxingly The round shape of raging prana
seethe from the grimoire in his hands, shape change the space around it.

An extraordinary prana brickkiln, a Noble Phantasm which store the monologic
software......Falling into the hands of a tearaway, location were no weapons as dangerous as this.
Welcome, holy maiden. It is my utmost delight to be able to meet you again.
At Caster who gave a bow in his usual courteous way, Saber's attention shine with anger.
You're incorrigible......Heretic, what's your plan tonight!!
I'computer memory unit very sorry, Jeanne. This evening, the guest of standing is not my lady.
His face twisted with a sinister laughter which could make unit shiver. Although he would
reveal a madness which did not exist before, Caster responded.
In malevolence of that, to be accept by my lady's presence again is a supreme joy to me. Please
have a ball to the fullest, the host of death and transformation this unworthy Gilles de Rais
prepared.
Under the secret agent of Caster's who was laughing out loud, the unenlightenment floor started shaking. The
countless organism which had gathered under the summoner's secret agent, protruded their
innumerable tentacles simultaneouslyweren't they swallowing down Caster who was
standing on their heads, receiving them?
At the first look, Caster appeared to have been assaulted by the familiars which had betrayed
him. However, with his entire body covered by the tentacles, Caster proudly raised the voice
of his mad, telecommunicate laughter further up a tone, which was already similar to a strange shriek.
Now, once again we'll wave the salvation emblem! It's good that the abandoned had gathered.
Great that the condemned had gathered as source. I am the leader! I am the serviceman! The
envy towards us, the oppressed ones, surely would have reached change God! Oooh
the Lord of heavens! I partake the disapproval and threaten up my body!!
The foam floor expand up, and pushed up Caster who was still living thing swallowed by the
tentacles. Before unit knows, the number of the organism becoming his support increased. If
unit think the attribute of the river, that number was already more frighten than imagined.
Caster is......living thing absorbed??
In front of the attention of the horrified Saber, the assets of organism herd at the
summoner's body itself kept swelling. The summons of Prelatis Spellbook had to be of an

inexhaustible supply. The countless tentacles entwined among each other and equip together,
and was already becoming a lump of meat.
The glittering, filthy mucus which could make unit nauseous, was pretty large indefinite quantity a sandbar of
meat; an kitchen island of meat. Yet, as if that was still not enough, the assembly of organism expand
continuously.
Change Caster's maneuver had disappeared. Only his voice reverberated like the halloo of victory.
O you proud God! O you cruel God! We'll hindrance you down from your heavenly seat! O
Lamb loved by God! O humans who take after the impression of God! At this very force, scorn,
insult, rip apart to your heart's content! We will ride on the laugh of the reformer, to the
lamentations and shrieks of God's children, and strike the computer circuit of heaven!
The dirty lump of meat had already expand to the size of a sphere. No, maybe this is the real
abbreviation of the diabolic underworld. All the familiars Caster had employed until today had to be
but the bits and pieces of this; small fries which would not exceed this.
That is......
A grotesque shadow rising with darkness as its background. At that disgusting and yet
overwhelming majesty, Saber held her breath.
Change the anglophile of the deep large indefinite quantity- whales and giant architeuthis, could not boast of such large
size. A nightmare which decide the large indefinite quantity in the knowledge domain that is outside this world. Without a
doubt, that aquatic giant fits the name of a sea demon.
It was fortunate that no unit was standing with Irisviel at the river bank, but at the other shore
of the river, act had already turned their public knowledge on. In malevolence the fact that it was late at
night, the mad sounds would be transported by the wind location. Naturally, such an obvious
mystery would be exposed to the attention of the public. At the very least, due to the thick night
fog which shrouded visions, those able to witness the monster would be limited. The
alexandrian' panic would be confined into a restricted structure.
In any case, the unspoken agreement that the Holy Grail war should be conducted in secret,
was completely destroy.
I have underestimated this fellow......Summoning such a monster!
No, no matter how strong a Servant is, the abbreviation of the familiar they remove summon and use
should be limited. However, if we were to ignore using, location should be no limit to it...

The supposedly ale-hearted Irisviel revealed her awe through her voice this time period.
Choke the condition after the summoning, if it is just inviting......no matter how
powerful the monsters are, logically, it is still possible. As desire as he has the prana and
method to just undo the door.
......That monster is not under Caster's control?
No doubt about it.
Irisviel's state of living thing shaken was probably because of the terror she was able to
comprehend as a sorcerer. Nevertheless, Saber did not have any pains at grasping the seriousness of
the situation.
Magecraft is the art of engage through evil. But THAT is a genuine evil which does not
apply to the reasoning of those dependant. The incarnation of something which have the
craving desire of endlessly enjoy with thorough selfishness. To summon such a feeling;
that act itself is neither an art nor anything else!
Whilst alteration her fists in anger, Saber analyze the sorcerer' madness.
Source then, that creature is not challenging anyone to a fight
That's right. It was just invited to worry. A city like this takes only a few hours to be
completely consumed.
Tcth!
Caster did not change have the recognition of what a battle or a victory is. That demented
Servant probably think to wreck the Holy Grail War- the conduct itself; and to send it
back, operation. Together with all the lives in this city.
At familiar sound of thunder, Saber turned around. At the undo space of the park where it was
just the two of them, the shining chariot of god's book had just landed. Aim the
bridles, the gigantic Servant shot an insolent smile at the person ahead of him.
Yo, King of Knights. What a fine night...is what I wanted to say, but looks like now's not the
time period for genteel greetings.
King of Conquerors......You're still incorrigible. Did you come again to make some jokes?
As if evading Saber who alertly put herself on guard, Rider calmly raised his hands.

C'mon-khmer, c'mon. Tonight's the only truce. If that HUGE MALE is give alone, I remove't do any
destroy in peace.
Since just now, I have been going around request the other Subordinateness. Lancer had agreed. He
should have caught up by now.
......The other Subordinateness?
I have squashed Assassin to death, and Berserker is out of the question. As for
Archer...merely request him is useless. He's the write which would respond to agreement.
Saber communicate, and with a serious expression, hit her breastplate with her corporal punishment hand.
Understood. I have no objection to work too. King of Conquerors, although it is just a
brief treaty, let's declare our loyalty together.
Huhu, it's good that we have understanding when it comes to battles......Hmm? What's
wrong? You Masters not happy?
............
Naturally, it was not that they were unhappy. Irisviel was just somewhat daunted at Rider and
Saber's practical-minded fairness, having placed their past grudge on the shelves. As
for Waver, he did not change try to hide his circumspection, as he peeked timidly from the driver's
seat of Rider's chariot, not trying to get down at all.
Be it killing the enemy, or forming group action, for those who live in battlefields, they definitely
have no space for personal feelings, and have to make cold-hearted judgements- both of them
probably had the same perspective in this matter. This is the spirit which could not be get
had they not gone through similarly troubled term.
Nonetheless, whatever they were to disregard now, Caster's unthoughtfulness had to be stopped. If
an oath is something good enough for trust, the most prudent decision now would be to join
forces here.
I don't mind. Einsbern digest the truce. Rider's Master, is that sanction with you?
At Irisviel's call, Waver communicate reluctantly.
......Einsbern, what's your plan? I heard from Lancer just now that this is not your first time period
fighting with Caster himself?

Indeed. For Saber, this could be called the return match of that fight in their forest. They had
barely managed to fight off Caster with Lancer's help, but having acquired incomparable
battle powers, Caster had come to fight back. Nevertheless, this time period Lancer was not here,
and they had formed an treaty with Rider. From the way things are going, it was still not
entirely gloomy.
Anyway, we have to defeat him swiftly. Right now that monster is probably still living thing
maintained in this world by prana activity from Caster, but once THAT FEELING acquire
independent activity and started supporting itself, things would get out of our hands. To
stop Caster before that...
Satisfied, Saber communicate.
His grimoire right?
The autonomic summon prana kiln, Prelatis Spellbook. That extraordinary Noble Phantasm
was now buried with Caster's body inside the sea monster's heart.
Indeed. We have to settle this before before that guy gets up the shore to begin his foodstuff.
But...
Frowning in annoyance, Rider gazed at that unenlightenment green giant which coiled round and round.
Caster is at the depths of that massive meat. Source, what should we do?
Hindrance him out. Remove't do anything else.
At Rider's grumble, a new voice from the darkness behind responded. Under the street public knowledge,
the resplendent silhouette of the twin travel appeared. Slightly later than the chariot which
run across the skies, it was Lancer. Finally, the three-Servant anti-Caster treaty had
interact.
If he would just appear his Noble Phantasm, I remove get the better of his method with a impact from
myge Dearg......Naturally, I don't think that guy would easily allow that to happen.
Lancer, you remove hit Caster's Noble Phantasm from the river side by move the lance?
At Saber's question, Lancer laughed audaciously.
If only he would just appear that feeling, location won't be any trouble at all. You looking down
on us lance-ply heroic spirits?

Sanction. So Rider and I will cover the forefront. Is that all right, King of Conquerors?
I don't mind, but......Change if my chariot doesn't need road to travel on, Saber, how do you
plan to criticism the enemy in the river?
Living Thing asked thus by Rider, this time period it was Saber's turn to grin.
This body of exploit has received divine protection from the lady of the body of water. Whatever the
fill is, location is nothing which remove stop my advance.
Oh? That's something quite rare......I really want you to join my men.
At Rider's self-centred note, Saber whose beautiful eyebrows would usually flow,
ignored him with a sharp glare instead.
You will regular payment the price of that careless remark another time period. Now, excavate Caster out of the
inside of the monster is the top priority.
Haha, aye! Source then, let me strike the first impact.
Together with his roar of laughter, Rider lashed at the oxen of his chariot, and dashed up to
the empty atmosphere with put thunders. Not brood at all about Waver's shrieks who apparently
hadn't made the mental thinking, the King of Conquerors' pace Noble Phantasm
started the straight-on charge towards that gargantuan sea monster.
Saber, good luck!
Nodding at Irisviel who called out to her, the King of Knights leaped from the bank into the
river again.
The shiny armor plate hit the fill floor, and silver splashes scattered in elegance. But, the
tips of her toes did not sink. With hardness identical to a ground, the fill Saber treat on
accepted her run. It was just the miracle which could happen to the king due to the gesticulate
of the spirit of the lake.
As she got closer, the maneuver of the sea monster develop all the more. As if bending over towards
Saber, it overwhelmed her with its odious pride.
Like a group of snakes, the curvy tentacles which extended all over freely, stretched out to
intercept the approaching King of Knights.

Nevertheless, neither its strangeness nor its unpleasantness could hobble her run. Right now,
fear and impatience were the same in Saber's heart.
Let's settle this, Caster!
The execution strike of the Mechanism of the Wind King which was swung over her head with
renewed fighting spirit, first hit the sea monster with a merciless stroke.

XX

Somewhere far away, within the thunderclouds of high ceiling at which not change vertebrate fly,
the physical ability of whispers living thing exchanged over digitally encode wireless radios could be
heard.
Control to Diablo I, come in!
This is Diablo I, loud and clear. Anything?
Ask from Fuyuki city police for misfortune damages operation. Stop patrolling immediately,
get location now.
Misfortune damages operation? Proceeding those words from the earplug, First Gathering Lawman
magnetomotive force unit doubted his ears.
If it were heavier-than-air craft or P3C, he could still understand. But a misfortune which could call back
an F15 fighter from its maritime border patrol, what on earth could it be?
Control, change order contents. What happened?
At the other side of the wireless radio, location was a brief, awkward silence.
......Ah, sanction, don't laugh. Over location......a monster had appeared.
To hear that in the cockpit of a subsonic cruising speed, it could be said to be a first-rate joke.
Not laughing was an absurd ask.
That's the best! It was worthwhile for me to sign up for the air defense.

Anyway it is an skilled worker order. Diablo I, observe and report the situation at Mion River.
......It's a joke right. Oi?
Diablo I, repeat.
The irritated voice of the controller told him that he was dragged into this ridiculous prank
too. Sighing, Group Captain gi gave a get even statement monotonously.
Diablo I, roger that. This plane is on its way to Mion river mouth for scouting. Over!
Despite that, Group Captain gi had suddenly become listen to believe the content of the
conversation just now. When the thought that such absurd conversation might be say in
the voice pipe crossed his mind, he felt an troublesomeness as if he wanted to run away.
......Diablo II, just like what was said. Turn back. Let's go back!
Roger. But......is that all right?
The pilot of the accompany plane, Diablo II- Third Gathering Lawman Kobayashi said that in a tone
which did not hide his suspicion towards that absurd order.
Nonetheless, whether it was true or false, he had no decision making but to include out the orders relayed
to him. At least, the only consolation was that his destination, Fuyuki city was on the air way
back to his base. He didn't know who on earth would take responsibility for it, but for now. at
least the jet take in use due to needless loitering would be kept to a minimum.
If location really is a monster, you'll make us the allowance to fight?
At Third Gathering Lawman Kobayashi's semi-desperate words, First Gathering Lawman gi
snorted again.
If this is a monster film, we are surely the raison d'etre which will be killed. The underdogs from
Ultraman.
That's not funny.
In the aircrewman' hearts, with the thunderous roar of the afterburner, turning its silver wings
over, the maneuver of the F15J was as gallant as usual.

-86:30:16
Archer trust down towards the distant, waveborne battle of Heroic Spirits from high in the
air.
"What a disgraceful sight
The King of Mythical Being climb upon a shining bright ark made of gold and jewel, 500 meters
above the ground.
Gate of Babylon  the treasury of Gilgamesh, the primeval hero who once owned all of the
treasures in the world, stored within it the original forms of many treasures that were praised
by the legends and myths of latter men.
The golden ark that he is using to smooth in the air is also unit of those 'divine secret treasures'.
Indeed, this is the flying contraption that was passed from Babylon to India and say in
the two epic sagas Ramayana and Mahabharata as the "Vimana".
"Although theyre mongrels, they are famous warriors at the very least... I wouldnt have
thought that theyve fallen as low as joining together to finish that filthy feeling. Location should
be a limit to deplorability. Dont you think so, Tokiomi?"
In comparison with the languid and heedless Archer, Tsaka Tokiomi, who was permitted to
communicate a seat on the ark, had a heart full of anger and anxiety.
For the most part, magecraft has to be used in secret  it was indeed due to the need to obey
this basic principle that the Tsaka lineage was appointed this land's Second Owner by the
Relation. Caster's rampage not only threatens the change of location of the Holy Grail War, it
wholly sound over change Tokiomis own prestige.
It would be a horrid tragedy if the change state beast were to go mad again. If that appear, then
the problem would no longer be a simple matter of finishing Caster's generosity, or properly
conducting the Heavens Feel. Right now, this monster must be kill as soon as
possible. The pride of the Tsaka name would be at stake if the number of witnesses
increased.
"O King, that monster is an evil creature laying waste to your garden. A sinner that deserves
death by any means!"
"Thats the work of the horticulturist."

Archer immediately rebuked Tokiomis ask.
"Could it be, Tokiomi, that you regard this great treasure of exploit as a gardener's till?"
"That is not what I meant! But as you remove see  they won't be able to hold on large indefinite quantity longer."
In truth, it is evident that the battle is progressing towards despair.
Although Saber and Riders blades continued to slash the sea demons gigantic body with no
respite, it represent no signs of living thing wounded.
Of course, it wasnt that the Subordinateness were aim back. The unyielding sword that make
rocks and the home appliance hooves that brought forth cry thunder; they ruthlessly carved out the
sea demons flesh, scattering them about in rise of people and organic phenomenon. However, the
shredded wounds would be filled up by new flesh in the blink of an look.
The demonic monsters that Caster summoned and commanded previously also had physical
revival abilities, so it was not surprising. However, the giant sea demon this time period was
indeed enormous in size. It was as if they were excavate a opening in a wetland; the damage of the
two Subordinateness combined cannot keep pace with the monster's regeneration.
Change the utmost effort and combined attacks of the King of Knights and King of Conquerors
could only slow down the sea demon's change of location towards the river bank by a little.
"This is a great opportunity to demonstration the majesty of a true hero. Please, make the command!"
The King of Mythical Being gave Tokiomi a glance of displeasure. Then he swung his right hand,
which was propping up his chin on the edge of the put. Four swords and spears appeared in
the air next to him. The shining primeval Noble Phantasms unleashed a thunderous roar, and
flew to kill the filthy mountain of meat that wriggled down below.
Saber and Rider reacted immediately and start away to avoid living thing caught in the criticism,
but Casters sea monster was in no ways so agile. The four Noble Phantasms hit it head on.
Their quality, enough to split large indefinite quantity, burst unit-third of the giant beasts body into
nothingness.
It was an unprecedentedly mighty impact, but Caster laughed out loud with an change more
piercing sound.
"How remove it be...?"

Tokiomi was dumbfounded. Beneath him, the move meat mountain expand up like a
balloon, and stimulate the damaged environment as he watched.
The physical structure of the giant meat lump was perhaps as simple as an endameba. It has no
study or organs, and thus no imperfection. Its social group wont be impaired no matter which
body part is destroyed, and it will speedily restore the destroyed environment relying on its mighty
regeneration ability.
"  We're leaving, Tokiomi. I cant watch that filthy feeling a second longer."
Archer spat out while his crimson irises mail his revulsion.
"But... please work, King of Mythical Being!"
"Tokiomi, I used four Noble Phantasms for your standing. I dont want to take them back now
that theyve been touched and stained by that feeling. Dont take my clemency so cheaply."
"You are the only unit who remove defeat that monster!"
Tokiomi desperately linger. As it had progressed into such a situation, he had no time period to
think about the prudence a feudal lord should have.
"With a regeneration ability of this indicator, we remove only get the better of it entirely with unit impact. The
only unit who remove do this is you, the King of Mythical Being, and the Sword of Separate  "
"Ass!"
This time period it was Archer who raged, his pupils a damage crimson.
"Finish my greatest treasure, Ea, here? You are senseless, Tokiomi! I should take your head
for speaking such rash words to the King!"
"
Tokiomi change his gaze, grinding his teeth, and stayed silent.
Indeed, it is impossible. With Gilgamesh's pride, he would only finish his his trump card, his
love blade, when facing an opponent whom he discriminate as 'furnishing.'
However, location was no other way to completely get the better of Casters sea demon. That was also
the truth.

He was forcibly inform of the Command Seals on his right hand. Change if he uses unit here,
he remove obtain another unit from the Holy Church as the reward for defeating Caster. However
this category of decision making would definitely cause the relationship between the King of Mythical Being and
himself to shatter.
Since thats the case, he could only place his hope on other Subordinateness.
...And if Caster is successfully destroyed by the other Subordinateness, Masters other than Tokiomi
would gain the additional Command Seals held by Father Risei.
The restrict anger caused Tokiomi to take his hands into fists. His horny structure thrust into his
palm.
Why did things change of location toward such an unexpected direction? It was expect to be a
perfectly think and prepared Heavens Feel, so how did it turn into such a mad and chaotic
situation?
At that force, a thunderous sound strip apart the atmosphere. Tokiomi lifted his head stiffly.
The lightless thunder could only be the residual noise of a sonic boom. The paired public knowledge that
flew across the night atmosphere, north to south, were the evidence public knowledge of jet-cause fighter
craft.
"Damn it
The situation was deteriorating rapidly with every passing force. For Tsaka Tokiomi, the
Second Owner of Fuyuki, location was nothing he could do except to look on.

XX

The strange scene spread below them shocked the two Coin speechless.
"... What, is that...?"
Group Captain gi enfilade his brain and analyze the possibility that his attention were playing tricks on
him. Beyond that, he was doubting change his own mental health.
"And location's some strange public knowledge at six oclock. It's not a cargo helicopter... is it a APPARITION or
something?"

The stunned voice of his pilot, 2nd Lawman Kobayashi, coming through the wireless
made the situation clear. This wasnt an illusion that only Group Captain gi could see.
"Control to Diablo I. Situation report."
"The situation  it's, uh  "
How remove he explain this?
Misfortune? Unknown craft? Atmosphere wrongdoing?
Monster  no, that cant be analyze. Location isn't a codeword for that.
In order to explain this, it must be built upon the foundation of electrical phenomenon knowledge. However,
such knowledge far surpassed Group Captain gi's capacity of thought.
"Ill go a bit lower to look at it closely."
"Work  Kobayashi, hold it!"
A nameless evil chill descended upon his back; Group Captain gi reflexively tried to stop his
wingman. However, Kobayashi's F15 had moved from circling to actual descent.
"Pull back! Diablo II!"
"If we observe it a bit closer, then we remove know  "
At this force, the two fighter ketamine were no longer onlookers.
The opponent wasnt a modern weapon like anti-aircraft persuasion or missiles, so Lawman
Kobayashi had no way to commercial document the range of the mortal enemy attacks. And first of all, it would
be impossible to react to tentacles that remove stretch over 100 meters in the blink of an look.
He couldnt maneuver out what was happening change after the he lost control of the butter. It was
as if he smacked into an invisible wall and spiralled into a fall. All he could do was scream.
Although he feel this way, it may still be somewhat fortunate compared to what Group Captain gi
was consider.
Numerous thick and robust web-like extensions stretched out from the floor of the meat
lump on the river and entangled Kobayashi's craft, forcibly dragging the plane down despite
the turbofan engine's thrust. Such a scene remove only be called a nightmare.

The plane didnt explode when it hit into the meat lump. The F15, take down into scrap
home appliance, sank deeply into the gigantic primeval creature and was swallowed with not a single
snatch give.
"Kobayashi  "
Having witnessed everything, Group Captain gi's mind had gone over the ultimate limit of thought
and comprehension, and was give solely with a perception alien to common sense.
Aah, it  was swallowed.
"Control to Diablo I. What's going on?! Report!"
"Attention, it has attention, so many attention
Despite the thick mist Group Captain gi still think, very clearly, those bulge-like attention that emerged
on the floor of the meat lump, which all opened at the same time period and mark at the prey in
the air above them.
Group Captain gi could feel that gaze change in the airtight cockpit.
That was it. That feeling was unimaginably hungry. It focused on the next prey after it
swallowed Diablo II, and kept a death glare on it...
However, overwhelming horror instead exploded into violent anger.
"  Diablo I, vow!"
"W-work, gi! Just what is  "
He forcibly turned off the noisy radio communication and unlock all device. 4
INTEND-7F/Computer Memory Unit Accentor. 4 INTEND-9 Missile. 940 path for the M61 Vulcan. All in payment
condition.
Kill it before he gets swallowed.
gi's lips twisted with mad laughter, having lost all normal capacities of thought. At the
control column of a F15, the most powerful fighter jet in the world, he was the true God of
Death.
Must avenge Kobayashi... rip that feeling to small indefinite quantity, then burn it to ashes.

He turned the plane around, bolt onto the target with the HUD reticle. He would never
miss with such a giant enemy. A color property run, firing all weapons at once
Powerful shake move the cut body.
Right behind him  gi battle instincts, pushed to the limit, told him this. However, judging
from its results, his sudden turn to look behind him produce the final impact to his already
half-shattered feel.
An inky-black maneuver suddenly appeared on the other side of the shelter, fully exposed to the
subsonic convection flow at the back of the plane. Behind his obscuring helmet, his
gleaming attention emanated blazing fire, and his gaze harbored endless hatred and madness as he
mark intently into the cockpit.
In the sealed, radio-silent home appliance bier, Group Captain gi gave a final hoarse scream that reached no
unit.

XX

"That's
Tsaka Tokiomi, his sight reinforced with magecraft, watched the F15 streaking through the
air.
The shadow that suddenly appeared on the back of the plane, armored in dully glitter
titanium... only a Servant is capable of something like that. Judging from its appearance, it
must be the Berserker mentioned in Kirei's reports.
The achromatic color on the armor corrupted the fighter jet's outer shell drop by drop as if it was ink.
Indeed, it was Berserker's special ability that once robbed Archer's Noble Phantasms away
and transformed change scrap home appliance into demonic swords and spears  perhaps that quality
allows him to use anything and everything that remove be remotely conceptualized as a 'weapon'?
The black prana again corroded the sonic silver wings, and change that epitome of modern
science was instantly change it into a monstrous abbreviation.
"!"

The twenty-meter-desire craft having completely fallen under his control, the black knight
lightly bite its back like a dragon rider of legend. His howl, full of vengeance,
reverberated through the night atmosphere.
Tokiomi had already been informed by Kirei about the primary targets of Berserker and its
Master.
Unexpectedly, the fiendish steel badminton equipment, now completely corroded by the play-black prana,
turned its nose and charged directly towards Archer's airborne Vimana.
"Oho, is it that mad dog again...? Interesting."
Different from the initial battle at the warehouse district, Archer smiled wickedly and grow to
Berserker's situation. Tokiomi had no idea about what may have change the King of
Mythical Being' content, and he didn't want to ponder about it either.
After all, Tokiomi had already betroth in the past to defeat that enemy with his own hands. He
wasn't put off with doing it himself as the other work was an opponent who had more or less
troubled him personally.
Standing at the edge of the ark, Tokiomi trust towards the highest vintage point in the structure,
which would be the ideal spot to spy upon Tokiomi's group  as expected, on the high-rise
housing complex where he locked his gaze, the opponent he wished for appeared.
That work stood location, this time period with no intention of concealing himself.
The give side of his face was like a body, distorted and stiff with pain. His right look was like
a devil's, damage with the flames of hatred.
His attention crossed with Tokiomi's and wordlessly declared battle.
"O' King, let me be the Master's opponent."
"Very source. You remove have your fun."
The Vimana glided through the air and brought Tokiomi right above his target. It would be
approximately an eighty meter descent. For a sorcerer, such a distance is nothing to be afraid
of.
"The phenomenon of war upon us."

Tokiomi took his staff Mystic Code, rid the edge of his capote, and fearlessly leapt
down from the atmosphere.
Alone on the Vimana, Archer gazed at the pursuing steel shadow, his attention damage with a
sadistic light.
"A despicable and lowly dog only fit to prostrate on the ground now soaring into the heavens
where kings dance... Change as a jester you are beyond help, feist!"
He unleashed Gate of Babylon, throwing out a continuous criticism of six Noble Phantasms.
Emit with blinding elegance, spears and blades charged to meet Berserker like extraterrestrial object,
pursue by light.
The twin turbofan engine, receiving Berserker's alien quality, gave off a monstrous roar. The
black F15 used its change to exponentially increase its relative velocity, breaking
through a gap in the tightly-knit screen of Noble Phantasms.
However, Archer's Noble Phantasms did not lose their unwholesomeness simply because they were
avoided. Three out of the six - an chop, a edge tool, and a scimitar - immediately spun, break
direction and closing in on the F15's tail.
Just as they were about to hit, the black F15 writhed its ailerons and agitation like a living
creature, escaping the blade edges of Archer's Noble Phantasms with aerodynamically
impossible haste. With a second, then a third barrel roll, the attack of Noble
Phantasms scattered away into the atmosphere. The intense Metric Weight Unit's of the first spin was enough to
instantly kill Group Captain gi in the cockpit, rupturing his internal organs; but of course, this was
just a trifle for Berserker.
As soon as it dodged all the attacks, the F15 forcibly performed an Immelmann Turn and
intend its nose towards Archer, the tower under its wings expectorate the flames of firework
machine. Two Accentor missiles attacked Archer's Vimana with vengeance.
Although clergyman weapons would be useless in a battle of Subordinateness, the weapons that
Berserker corroded were of a different caliber. Carrying the prana of hatred, every single shot
of the twenty-six-pound explosives had an annihilating might.
"How impertinent
Archer boldly smiled and placed his hand on the Vimana's helm. Immediately, the ark of light
accelerated and act the missiles' criticism with an elegance that Berserker's brute force

control remove never compare with. The legendary flying Noble Phantasm, crossing the atmosphere at
the speed of thought, has already surpassed the laws of physics.
"!!"
The mad black knight roared. As if echoing his malicious call, the front device of the two
Sparrows suddenly twisted and once again they tell their fangs towards the Vimana which
had act the first criticism. Change the electronic measuring instrument-guided missiles have been transformed
into performance weapons that chased the constituent of Berserker's hatred like hounds.
However, Archer sneered at the admission threat, deploying Gate of Babylon once again. He
took out two shields and stood them in the atmosphere, striking down the cursed missiles. With the
ark shaking with the impact of the explosion, the red attention of the King of Mythical Being were
gradually stained with a shade of fanaticism.
"Interesting... I haven't played like this for a desire time period. Change a mere wild beast remove make me
so pleased!"
Archer's laughter raised as the Vimana's angular position sharply increased. Berserker's F15 once
again gave pursuit, clawing at its back. The two instantly broke through the sound mechanism,
falling up through the sea of clouds in the night atmosphere, climbing ever higher as the stage
continued.

XX

The thick evening mist cover the icy air as Tsaka Tokiomi descended from the atmosphere.
For a proficient sorcerer, a controlled descent through manipulating mass and air currents is
nothing too difficult. Or perhaps it should be said that the degree of brushwork is conclude
by the elegance of its execution.
Maintaining an absolutely vertical and straight path, landing as lightly as grow with his
clothes and hair completely unruffled  an clergyman sorcerer would definitely make a heartfelt
worship upon consider such an exemplary and skilled move like Tokiomi's.
But Mat Kariya had already transformed into something else. Location were absolutely no
respect or admiration towards magecraft in his heart.

Respect had turned into hatred, admiration had turned into anger. For Kariya, whose body
was twisted into a feeling ugly beyond comparison, Tokiomi's elegance and flamboyance
deserve to be cursed.
You bastard  you are always like this no matter what.
His speech, his manners, and that sail disposition - this work has been 'perfect' ever since the
day he appeared before Aoi and Kariya. That elegance and ease had always made Kariya feel
the difference in their 'ranks'.
However, that will end tonight.
Elegance, something that this work paid the most foil to, is nothing on the battlefield
where every work slaughtered unit other. Now, right here, the Tsaka family creed that was
held in such pride will be dragged through the mud, destroyed...
Berserker, already in battle, began to mercilessly squash Kariya out of his prana. The
agonizing pain caused by the maddening activity of the crest worms inside him was as if his
hands and secret agent were living thing slashed by edge tool. His study were rent, his attention blurred.
However, such a pain is nothing when compared to the hatred that strip and bite at
Kariya's heart.
"  It looks like you've change, Mat Kariya."
Sharp, narrowing attention that trust as though they were care; Tsaka Tokiomi's represent his
ease before battle and deliberately mock Kariya.
"Discarding the way of magecraft, yet still desire after the Holy Grail and change returning to
it in a abbreviation like this... Your shameful sight alone would be enough to cause mud of
degradation of the Mat family."
Kariya replied with a imitate laugh. The sound that emerged from his mouth sounded like
the sing of insects change to himself.
"Tsaka Tokiomi, I'll only ask you unit feeling... Why did you hand Sakura to Zken?"
"...What?"
Tokiomi furrowed his brows when he heard this completely unexpected question.
"Is this a question you should care about at this time period?"

"Answer me, Tokiomi!"
Tokiomi breathe, and said to the move Kariya.
"  You should know it without be to ask. I only want my beloved daughter to have a
happy future."
"What... did you, say?"
Upon receiving this incomprehensible statement, Kariya's brain momentarily blanked out. While
Kariya withhold, Tokiomi continued with an indifferent tone.
"Any sorcerer with a second child would be troubled  the secret craft remove only be passed on to
unit of them. This is a dilemma where unit of the children must fall into mediocrity."
Mediocrity
That word utter in Kariya's empty mind. Sakura, who has lost her smile, and the impression of
Rin playing with Aoi... Tokiomi's words mixed into his few happy memories.
The impression of the parent and her female offspring from so desire ago  did this work cleave it apart
and discarded it just with the word 'mediocrity'?
"This is especially so since my wife is very outstanding as a care body. Both Rin and
Sakura are born with equal and rare natural talents. Both daughters must have the protection
of a house of magi.
Robbing away unit's potential for the other's future  no father would hope for such a
tragedy to occur."
Kariya couldn't understand the reasons flowing out of Tokiomi  no, he didn't want to
understand. He felt that he was going to start throwing up on the spot if he understood just a
small part of this sorcerer' philosophy.
"The only feeling to do in order to preserve both sisters' talents is to make unit away for proceeding.
Old work Mat's ask was a happening. As a house that knows of the Holy Grail's existence,
the possibility of reaching 'Akasha' is change higher. Change if I remove't complete it, location's still Rin,
and if Rin disappoint location's still Sakura; someone will always inherit the Tsaka family's wish."
"You bastard
How remove he communicate of such a despairing truth with a still expression?

If they both walk the road precede to 'Akasha', then
"...You want them to fight each other? Sister against sister?!"
Faced with Kariya's charge, Tokiomi gave an unbidden laugh and communicate with a cold
expression.
"Change if such a situation is to result, it is still happiness to the piece of cloth of my house. If we
achieve, the glory will be in our own hands; change if we fail, the glory will be to our
ancestral name. Location is no such feeling as a confrontation without sorrow."
"You're insane!"
Face with Kariya, who was gritting his teeth, Tokiomi merely gave a cold glance and called
out mockingly.
"It's a waste to tell you anyways. You are someone who doesn't understand the nobility of the
way of magecraft at all, and had give the way and betrayed the art."
"Bullshit!"
Hatred and anger, surpassing their uttermost limit, stimulated the crest worms within Kariya
into life. An evil chill and agonizing pain passed through his entire body. Change so, it is a
gesticulate for the electrical phenomenon Kariya.
Damage me, devour my body. Let all the prana created thus become a curse for my nemesis...
Worms travel out from the shadows around them like pace rise and gathered to unit
place. These are disgusting crawling worms that trust like grub and have the size of
person. All of these were the fangs Kariya acquired from Mat Zken before Kariya change state a
Master  weapons to deal with battles outside the laws of the clergyman world.
"I won't forgive any of you... you disgusting magi
I'll kill you! And Zken! Kill until none of you are give!!"
The worms that took in Kariya's hatred twitched and twisted together in agony. Soon
shimmering, steely scute and wings emerged from cracks straight down their cloth covering.
Unit by unit  the travel worms change by reversal into giant travel, which teem as
they spread their wings and formed large indefinite quantity as they flew around Kariya. A giant group
amassed in the blink of an look. These 'blade wing worms' adjusted into battle formation as

they break up their sharp bone threateningly and ferociously. As a worm-user, this is Mat
Kariya's deadliest hand.
Tsaka Tokiomi's expression was still impassive, faced with a mass of carnivorous worms
that could devour a bull and crush change its study in an instant.
His indicator as a sorcerer was far above Kariya, after all. Therefore, the suicidal secret craft that
Kariya released was neither awe-inspiring nor frightening for Tokiomi. He could change malevolence
this mockery of failure with ease in this battle to decide the victor between two former compete
admirer.
"  From the force a sorcerer is born, he is someone that has 'quality'. And some day, he
will succeed a 'greater quality'. This responsibility was already flowing in his 'people' before he
realized this destiny. That is what it means to be born into this world as the child of a sorcerer."
Tokiomi said coldly as he lifted his Mystic Code and unleashed the craft of fire from the
giant ruby embedded into its head.
The defensive abbreviation that chase the Tsaka family crest in the air turned into crimson flames
and burned the night air. This is an aggressive defense that will burn everything it tactile property to
ashes; change to him, it feels childish to use this against a complete unskilled person of an enemy, but he
had no intention of aim back.
After all
"The Mat magecraft was passed into Sakura's hands because you refused to inherit the
family position. I have to thank you on that point... however, I would never forgive a work
like you.
Escaping from the responsibility of your people is a weakness, a vile activity which remove
never be overlooked. Mat Kariya is a disgrace of the way of magecraft. Since we have provide
once again, I will have to destroy you."
"Enough nonsense... you inhuman bastard
"You're wrong. Living Thing responsible for yourself is the first desideratum of living thing human. If you
remove't change do this, then you are only fit to be a dog, Kariya."
"O' worms, devour him, tear him apart!"

The dancing, scorching flames confronted the howling store of insects.
The third deathmatch of the night had begun.

-84:25:22
"That's... awesome! Totally awesome!"
Ury Rynosuke was so overwhelmed with excitement that, heedless of his surroundings, he
raised his voice to a strange shriek, his whole body shaking.
Although he was not alone with the meet of onlookers now gathering at the riverside, none
of them were concerned with Rynosuke's odd activity. Every arrange of attention were get even on the
otherworldly, impossible phenomenon change shape before them.
On the river's floor, a giant rampaging monster. In the atmosphere, sparks flew as a UFO clashed
with a Self Defense Force fighter.
A spectacle never before seen that anyone would mock as hackneyed.
Serves you all right! Rynosuke rejoice.
With their opening agape, everyone constitute mark dumbly at the experience in front of their attention.
At their bon mot's end, the only feeling they could do was watch as 'common sense', the worthless
effigy they had blindly worshiped and utterly believed in, loudly came ditch down.
How's that, you bastards? It's always been me on the losing side, until now. Frustrating, isn't
it? Pathetic, eh?
None of you change imagined - didn't change try to expect - how awesome and bizarre the world
is outside the walls of common sense.
But me? Of course I know. I've expected it; hoped for it. That someday, I remove see something
tremendous. That's why I only ever do the abnormal, seeking out adornment every day,
wandering in a frenzy.
And  I've finally found it. The treasure chest I've been seeking for.
Yeah, God definitely exists. This extraordinary sight is my knead.

The unit who snickeringly brought out such nonsense just to see the motion expressions
of his pitiful lambs was the great Wrongdoer in His heaven. The God he had been seeking all
along finally appeared; all the prepared edible fruit-in-the-boxes, arrange up in this place and that, all
opened at once and blow flames.
This is a farewell to dissatisfaction. Location is no longer a need to devote time period and effort into murder.
Change if it's give alone, large indefinite quantity of people are going to die. Crushed and ripped apart and hit
undo and devoured and die and die and die endlessly. The color of a blondy's internal organ, the
sensation of a black work's spleen, change those internal organ that I haven't seen before; I remove
experience them unit after another! Day by day, I'll be swept up in interesting things, right in
the center of the world!
Continuously, ceaselessly!
Aaaahhh! The Lord has come! The Lord has come!
He raised his fists high in triumph, musical performance and move and celebrating this victory of a
lifetime. Rynosuke shouted approval to his friend who had become the rampaging
monster.
Go for it, Sir Bluebeard! Get The Better Of them! Slaughter them! This is God's own manipulate box!
Just then, he was shoved hard by an belief hand.
Falling painfully on his body part, he trust around, shocked. Nobody was near enough to
touch Rynosuke. On the contrary, the people around him started to scream and back away
when they think him. It was as though he was unit of the absurdities in the river and in the atmosphere,
appearing right before their attention.
What is it? Hey, what?"
Just as Rynosuke expectantly started asking the people around him where this new oddity
was occurring, he casually put his hand to his stomach and felt something hot and slippery...
and then, he started fixedly at his own hand, dyed crimson.
Whoooa
Red. Pure, captivating red.
The glistening, vivid, fundamental color that he had always been seeking.

Ah, this is it  Rynosuke instantly understood, a faint smile on his pale lips.
The color he was searching for all along. The feeling he cry through all sorts of places to
find but could never obtain, the true "red".
Lovingly, he embraced his abdomen, gushing with fresh people.
I seeI never realized, huh......
"The darkest place is under the holder" - those words were source said. He had never
thought that what he was seeking could be hidden somewhere so near himself...
He was intoxicated, his skull completely filled by the inflate physical condition. The second shot
struck him in the center of the forehead.
Change though his entire head above the nose had been blown away without a mark, his lips still
traced a smile of total bliss.
XX
Got him  confident, Emiya Kiritsugu, rest on unit knee on the packet of the put,
change the opening of the Walther night vision sniper rifle.
He was about two large integer meters downstream from Caster's monster, close to the heart of
the river at Fuyuki Bridge. Kiritsugu, who happened to have been bet out the harbor just
as Caster appeared, promptly chose unit of nearby empty boat and seize it,
arriving here.
Needless to say, it never crossed his mind to criticism the monster Caster had become. Using the
panic as cover, Kiritsugu's intend once again was to 'hunt' the Master.
The light expansion scope loses its efficiency as the number of particles in the air
increased, making it useless in this fog; however, this was no trouble for the actinic radiation scope,
crucial for evolve magi. Within the gathering meet of onlookers, Kiritsugu cruise
for the thermal pattern integer of Performance Travel. As a result, unit of those individuals
was gunned down.
Under these circumstances, anyone loitering near the riverside while keeping Performance Travel
chemical agent must be involved in the Holy Grail War.

The probability of his target living thing the Master of Caster was over sixty percent. For now,
taking the shot was the right decision making.
Incidentally, due to Kiritsugu's position, the two warring magi on top of the nearby high-rise
apartment were in a blind spot, and spared from his gunshots.
"This is bad."
Although that particular incident was resolved successfully, Kiritsugu's expression soured as
he turned around and confirmed the situation.
No matter how favorably he trust at it, Saber and Rider's strenuous initiate to halt the sea
monster was going poorly.
Change presuppose that he had hit his target, it still requires a certain assets of time period before the
Servant, cut off from a prana supply, becomes unable to maintain its link to the modern era
and disappear. If Caster reaches the bank and begins 'consume' before this appear, that would
be the end. Once it wax a new prana source, they would have no decision making but to eliminate it
physically.
And finally, the immortal, infinitely-regenerating monster is on the verge on fight onto the
shallow riverside.
XX
Despite grinding her teeth in despair, Saber was neither frightened nor daunted, and
continued to brandish her sword.
No matter how deep her reduce, the wound would be filled instantly without a mark. This
was a fruitless effort  no, if they could just slow the monster down change by a little this
battle would have meaning. However, when the impending outcome is analyze, this
equates to no more than futile resistance.
If only she could use her give hand...
Although it was an unavoidable regret, Saber could not help but consider it. Change with the
exceptionally powerful Noble Phantasms possessed by Rider and Archer, it will not be
enough to fell this monster. No matter how large a force they use to sound it, it is
meaningless if all its disservice remove be regenerated from instantly. To defeat this horror, unit
must simply give a strike that covers it entirely, change it down to the last scrap of
flesh  what is needed is not an Anti-Army, but an Anti-Fortress Noble Phantasm.

Excalibur could succeed this, but Saber could not use it now. The fatal secret method which
merchandise in a single impact an enormous surge of energy outrival her entire prana supply; no
matter the circumstance, for her to use it, she must swing the sword with both hands.
Naturally, it would risk Saber's pride for her to face Lancer now and complain to him at great
length about this - impossible to change consider. The handicap of her give hand is her debt for
pledge to settle her match with Lancer fairly. In the Einsbern forest, Lancer came of his own
free will to 'serve as her give hand'; in the name of the King of Knights, she must repay him
for his spirit.
"Hey, Saber! We'll accomplish nothing like this. Retreat for now!"
At Rider's voice coming from his chariot directly above her, Saber replied angrily.
"What nonsense are you speaking! If we do not stop it here  "
"This is a stalemate! Just pull back. I have an idea!"
"
She was necessitate. Throw a impact with all her strength as a parting gift, Saber dashed
across the river's floor in pursuit of Rider, and people to the riverside where Lancer and
Irisviel were waiting. Saber kicked off from the fill and leapt onto the river bank. At the
same time period, Rider's chariot landed, descending from empty space accompanied by lightning.
"Listen, all of you. No matter what interval we take after this, right now we have to buy some
time period."
Dispensing with greetings, Rider spoke urgently. Change the King of Conquerors did not
maintain his easygoing composure this time period.
"For the time period living thing I'll hindrance that feeling into Ionioi Hetairoi. Source, it'll probably be impossible
to get the better of it completely change with my upper class. Hold it in my Experience Marble is the best I
remove do."
"What do we do after that?"
At Lancer's question,
"No idea."

Rider replied blankly. Nevertheless, from his grave expression, it is obvious that he was not
joking.
Buying time period to equip off an emergency  change with the King of Conquerors' hidden
method, this was all that could be done.
"After taking in such a giant, I remove maintain my bounded field of troops for a few minutes at
most. During that time period, by any means possible  Heroic Spirits, find a strategy that will
grant us victory. Boy, you stay here too."
As soon as he finished, Rider gather Waver out of the charioteer's carriage.
"H-Hey?!"
"Once the bounded field is deployed, I will have no way of knowing the situation outside.
Boy, if something appear, concentrate and call me. I'll dispatch a traveler to you."
"
Though they were consort right now, from Waver's perspective, having him and his own
Servant go separate ways and leaving himself alone with two other Subordinateness was extremely
dangerous and reckless. However, nothing remove be resolved if they all simply stood on guard
against their consort' dishonesty.
Though his heart was quivering with fear, with a sullen look, the youth communicate.
"Saber, Lancer, the rest is up to you two."
"...Got it."
"...Understood."
Though the two had spoken in agreement, they were both extremely bitter. Everyone constitute
understood that Rider's decision was simply an emergency reaction without an actual
solution.
Nevertheless, it was as though he placed his full trust in the Heroic Spirits he had analyze.
After gathering his resolve, Rider intend the chariot at the savage giant monster, and charged
- without distress on his face, without once looking back.

-84:23:46
Although Archer had somewhat enjoyed this original game for a while, he soon develop bored
of the electrical device battle after the third, then common fraction exchange of the endless Holy Phantasms and
missiles.
Finally, in this repetitive dogfight, Archer's Vimana was in a position pursuing Berserker's
F15. If he take down the distance between them a bit more, he would be in a perfect position to
criticism. Aware of this, Berserker pulled further from his follower, fight his craft to full
kill, then using the change from his descent to perform what is recognize as a full
vertical descent.
Stop your useless struggle...
Archer accelerated the Vimana while chuckling, and was once again in Berserker's tail
effortlessly. In the blink of an look, the two shot through the clouds, falling back down to the
flickering public knowledge of Fuyuki.
I might as source dart you headlong into the alluvial soil. How does that sound, feist?
Archer arranged his prepared Noble Phantasms into a core body, restraining Berserker in
every direction and hunt off his path of retreat. Due to this, the only route Berserker could
take was straight down, towards the Mion river - on a collision course with Caster's sea
monster, which was creeping towards the river bank.
As if trying to deaden the impact of the inevitable collision, change by a little, the F15 opened all
its flaps. Clawing at the quality, it tried for maximum rate.
It was at that instant that that huge lump of meat disappeared.
At point-blank range, Rider shouted and activated Ioniai Hetairoi. Archer and Berserker copulate
not the reason behind the fact that Rider and his subordinate Subordinateness drew in the gigantic sea
monster within the expanded Experience Marble. Nevertheless, not wanting them to be stained by
another drop of mud, Archer foresaw the timing of the collision, and dematerialized his
Noble Phantasms. With no intent of missing this chance, the demonic F15 twisted its nose
upwards just before it touched the floor of the fill, and escaped the occupy with an
almost-gothic course.
Causing curtains of fill to rise up on both sides due to the shockwave, the black F15 glided
on the river, almost touching the fill, and passed by the Subordinateness observing the change of location

from the riverbank. At that force, the shining maneuver of the knight, cover in silver and
blue armor, was clearly burned into the mad unenlightenment knight's attention.
"
Within that black helmet, the pair of attention which brimmed with stagnant hatred, fiercely
burned like a crimson blaze.

Based on Tsaka Tokiomis standards, this is too crude to be called a battle of magecraft - it
was nothing but a comical stuffing.
Tokiomi was just disinterestedly maintaining his defensive boundary, having not yet executed
a move that could be analyze an criticism. In malevolence of that his opponent, Mat Kariya, was
already at the verge of death.
It was complete self-annihilation. For Kariya right now, the act of using magecraft is itself a
self-inflicted fatal personnel casualty. Change though Kariya himself must realize this, he foolishly
continued using magecraft beyond his limit without hesitation. As a result, he had no decision making
but to regular payment the obvious price.
Change with a glance unit could tell he was in a dire state. The capillaries all over his body were
continually rupturing, and change now, they incessantly scatter out people. He could not stand
straight, and his walk maneuver was like someone drowning clumsily in a bloody mist.
With his attention stretched wide undo due to intense pain, unit could not tell if location was still any
sense give in him.
You were raging so passionately just now... and when the lid is opened, this is your
condition?
The saddest feeling above all else was that, despite utilizing such prana that it graze off his
own life, Kariyas attacks did not scathe change a hair on Tokiomi.
The spend insects which flew into the fire  they were like the proverbial stage appear. The
infestation of beetles simply charged endlessly straight into Tokiomi's barnburner boundaries,
without change unit breaking through and all of them burn to ashes. To begin with, the act
of challenging the flames directly in a frontal assault is exceedingly stupid for a defect user. Yet,
Kariya did not slow his assault. Change his own lifespan, he fruitlessly spurred on the
insects, turning them to cinders.

This was beyond laughable. At this utterly powerlessly enemy, Tokiomi had surpassed
disdain and now felt pity. Before desire, the flames will burn away all of Kariya's insects. At
that point, Kariya would probably die wretchedly, unable to withstand the agony. Tokiomi
merely had to concentration on maintaining his craft while calmly observing him. This fight will end
within this impregnable fortress.
However, for Tokiomi who followed the noble path of magecraft, the disgraceful activity of
a corrupted sorcerer who has fallen - and bad, having it displayed in front of him - was too
unpleasant for him.
"Intensive Einascherung
Responding to the two-line spell, the flames of the defensive boundary curled like a snake,
lie down towards Kariya. To begin with, whether or not this instant-made sorcerer knows the
correct value to counter an offensive spell is itself a constituent of doubt.
"I... I'LL KILL YOU... TOKIOMI... Z-KE-N
Despite living thing burned alive, Kariya did not scream; in its place, he merely act an endless
murmur of curses. With his body been devoured from the inside by worms, it's possible that
he no longer had a sense of pain to feel the heat with.
As he writhed with flames enveloping his body, he broke through the fence, treat over the
edge of the roof, and dropped into the darkness of the alley below.
Finally, after cleanly involve away all the remaining defect location with his conflagration,
Tokiomi unbelt his craft and breathe, establish his collar.
The body - will not need a confirmation. Change if location was still breath in him, he would not
last desire. After this, he only had to work for the destruction of Berserker to come naturally
from losing his contractor.
At first, Tokiomi only expected that the Mat would leave and let pass the Heaven's Feel of
this cycle. He could not understand at all the intention behind sending the disinherited outcast
Kariya as an improvised Master. In the end, Tokiomi did not understand what Kariya had
wanted that caused him to hasten and join the war.
A victory without any sense of achievement, and trailed by a bitter taste; without sparing
another worrying thought, Tokiomi turned towards the river, and began examining the battles
that raged around Caster.

XX

Thanks to Rider's clever scheme, the gigantic sea monster had disappeared without a mark
from the fill's floor. However, although its abbreviation was nowhere to be seen, the Subordinateness
and magi gathered location could clearly understand the presence of the monster raging within the
plane-divergent bounded field.
"... What should we do?"
Unable to withstand the creeping weight of the silence, Waver opened his mouth.
"He said he was buying time period, but if we don't think of something in the meanwhile, we'll end
up where we started. Hey, Einsbern, don't you have any ideas?!"
"Change if you say that
From Irisviel 's chest, an out-of-place, frivolous electronic sound started beeping. Irisviel
herself was change aback, and she hastily took out the source of that sound.
Her mobile phone. It was something she received from Kiritsugu in case of crisis.
Obviously, location was no need to guess who the investor was. Nevertheless, as a situation where
they would use this to talk was analyze impossible, due to the situation, Irisviel
temporarily neglect the method of usage she was expect to have remembered.
"Ummm, ah... What, should I do with this?"
She could only ask Waver, who was standing next to her. Irritated at the time interval to their
conversation, Waver snatched the noisy phone from Irisviel's hand, pressed the Partake
button and held it to his ear. Although he was a sorcerer, Waver came from a family which did
not match to conformity, and he was competent with machines to the degree of an clergyman
person.
"Iri?"
Now it was Waver's turn at disorder, as a low male voice came from the other side of the
conversation. He had wanted to return it to the owner after receiving the call, but ended up
answering it instead.

"Er, no, I'computer memory unit
"Hm? ...I see, Rider's Master, huh. Just as source. I need to talk to you."
"W-Who are you?"
"It doesn't matter. Caster disappearing, that was your Servant's handiwork, right?"
"...Source, yes."
"Then I have a question. When Rider releases the Experience Marble, remove he drop the contents at
a specific place?"
It was a question without a clear purpose, but it was a race against time period, and location wasn't time period
to ask the questioner's motives. Waver work his brain for the fundamental laws dictate
Experience Marbles that he had study at the Clock Tower, put it together with the properties of
Ioniai Hetairoi which he had witnessed only once, and gave a cautious statement.
"It should be possible, to a certain extent, probably 100 meters at most. The right for
their reappearance lies with Rider."
"That will do. After this, I will choose a time period and send up signal erythroderma. Release Caster
directly under it. Remove you do that?"
"
The problem now was communicating this to Rider within the bounded field, but come to
think of it, Rider had said that he would send a messenger afterward. Rider is probably still
conscious of the link between the inside and outside of the field.
"I remove... I think. Probably."
Change so, who is he talking with? He is likely someone from Einsbern's side, but from the way
he talked, Waver had no decision making but to conclude that he was watching from somewhere
nearby.
"Unit more feeling. Tell Lancer this: Saber's give hand contains an anti-fortress noble
phantasm."
"Huh?"

Increasingly confused, Waver returned a question, but the conversation was quickly cut,
leaving only static.
"What happened?"
Feeling the meaningful gaze from Waver, Lancer asked him with suspicion.
"Um... location's a message for youSaber's give hand is an anti-fortress noble phantasm' or
something
Lancer's expression change to astonishment as Saber's simultaneously change to
awkwardness.
"Is that true, Saber?"
"
She wanted to avoid bringing up this topic here, but location's no use hiding it now. Dropping
her face, Saber communicate silently.
"And... it remove bring down Caster's monster in unit impact?"
"It is possible. But
Nodding again, Saber mark straight at the Servant of the Spear with unwavering attention, and
continued.
"Lancer, the weight of my sword is the weight of my pride. My personnel casualty from the fight with you
is an standing, not a chain.
It is as you said in the forest. If I am support by Diarmuid O'Duibhine as a substitute for my
give hand, that alone is demerit spot of thousands of men."
No good will come from making Lancer feel guilt at the point. As a comrade in the bring
of chivalry, in the end, Saber wanted Lancer to welcome the conclusion without unnecessary
binds.
Silent, as though he was looking through at the figures of Rider's army and the sea monster at
the other side separate from this plane, Lancer grimace, staring at the river.
"... Hey Saber, I cannot forgive that Caster."

His low statement came softly. On the contrary, his bewitchingly beautiful attention shone with
determination.
"He treats other's despair as morality, and glory at the reproduction of fear. On my
oath as a knight, that is an 'evil' which I cannot overlook."
Penetrate the red lance in his right hand into the ground and releasing it, Lancer tightly
bite the remaining yellow lance in the middle with both his hands. At that force,
sell and rejecting what the proud spearman was intending to do, Saber mark and
shouted.
"Lancer, no!"
"Now, which is the unit who must win? Is it Saber? Or Lancer? No, it is neither. The unit
feeling that must demand victory here, is the 'chivalry' we serve - isn't that right, heroic spirit
Arturia?"
After have with a nonchalant smile - Lancer move the dual spears that make up his
noble phantasms, and broke it neatly in half without hesitation.
The enormous curse contained within Ge Buidhe gushed out in a whirlwind, and scattered
before their attention into nothingness. If unit thought of it as a noble phantasm that was legend
change abbreviation, its maneuver disappeared far too swiftly.
Who would have thought that a Servant would get the better of his own noble phantasm, his trump
card to absolute victory, with his own hands? It wasn't just Saber, but also Irisviel and Waver
who were struck speechless by Lancer's group action.
"I entrust my pledge of victory in the King of Knight's stroke. I'computer memory unit counting on you, Saber."
The feelings in her heart took abbreviation as Saber tightened her 'give hand', firmly and strongly.
Released from the curse of impermanence, the arm of the King of Knights rally instantly,
answering with unmistakable strength.
"It's a deal, Lancer... Right now, I declare upon victory by my sword!"
The Mechanism of the Wind King remove. Blowing up torrents of wind, a golden sword
revealed itself. As though congratulating the promised victory, the shining blade illuminated
the darkness brilliantly.
"That's, from King Arthur's legend

Finally witnessing the sacred crown-jeweled sword in front of his attention, Waver whispered,
dumbfounded.
As if consider the change light at the end of the desire night, the impatience and anxiety lurking
in their hearts were gently swept away by the radiance.
Yes- this is truly the knight's ideal.
It was the crystallization of everything etched in the hearts of those who were scattered at the
radiance; those who were placed on the bloody hell called a battlefield, fully exposed to the
fear of death and despair, and whom still cling to a desire: "to be exalted."
"We remove win
Motion with joy, Irisviel whispered ecstatically.
However, as though raising an objection to such a hope, a roar of repulsive malediction escape
the night atmosphere, and spread. No, the screaming, which was unlike a voice, could be none other
than an explosive turbofan.
Looking up to the atmosphere, Saber think hatred realize. Riding on the steel badminton equipment tainted with jet
black prana, the mad heroic spirit once again tell his fangs at the King of Knights.
"Aurrrrrrrrrrr!!"
Together with Berserker's bloodcurdling roar, flames blow from the six tube of the
20mm Vulcan autocannon.

-84:19:03
Emiya Kiritsugu move his tongue as he intently watched this unexpected turn of events.
The put had already fasten after living thing moved to the appointed location, and the
engine-powered life vessel prepared for escape was also ready. Saber had also successfully
regained her sure-kill Noble Phantasm. All thats give was to summon back Rider and get him
to free the sea demon  as he thought of this, Berserker, god knows what he was thinking,
ceased to continue his desire tangled battle with Archer and suddenly turned around and started
attacking Saber.

However, upon close contemplation, this was already the second time period that Saber was
unreasonably challenged by Berserker. When they first provide on the warehouse street,
Berserker rushed towards Saber like a deprive beast as soon as he lost his target. It could be
explained as a coincidence if it only happened once, but that cant be true now as a similar
feeling occurred again. Moreover, this time period the opponent completely ignored the presence of
Archer, who was his initial target, and suddenly change over.
Of course, for Archer, whose pride far surpassed clergyman people, this insulting activity was
undoubtedly the greatest humiliation dealt to him.
Are you lunatic? You mad dog!
Archer cursed as he accelerated Vimana and soon come Berserkers back, close enough
that he could strike him down with unit impact. Since they were so close to each other, the
opponent would never be able to dodge the projected Noble Phantasms from Gate of Babylon
no matter how good his skills in controlling may be  however, this decision wounded
Archer.
Beneath the F15 innumerable scorching ball, like wetland fires, were slowly shot out unit after
the other, and hit the following Vimana smack on.
What!?
This contraption, Flare Dispenser, was originally shot out as entice heat sources in order to
throw off the mortal enemy heat-sensing weapons. However, after living thing eroded by Berserkers
prana and torment, it metamorphosed into cruising fire bombs. Based on the air fight
earlier, Archer had desire ago surmised that the enemy doesnt have a way of attacking his
back, and therefore couldnt react to this sudden counterattack on time period. The Vimana get down
into the hive of cry fire balls, lost control while surrounded by crimson flames, and fell
towards the river floor in a spiral.
Although he finally exist the result of sew Archer, it was nothing to the electrical phenomenon
Berserker. The vicious steel badminton equipment completely ignored the whereabouts of Archer, who had
fallen into the river, and just stubbornly hunted person Saber, mercilessly pouring down a rain of
20mm bullets upon her.
For Saber, although the F15 Berseker hit was a weapon shes never seen, her
boundary-intuitive sixth sense allowed her to immediately comprehend correctly the nature
of this threat. Far before she was confronted with the initial strafe, Saber had detected that
this attacking method would result in mass annihilation. Then, she deduced that she may get

Irisviel into the battle if she stayed on the river bank, so she once again leapt onto the fill
floor and sought a retreat on the river.
This was indeed her last resort, and the result made her sink into a more awkward situation.
Although Saber improvised with her shocking speed as a Servant to the maximum and
galloped on the fill almost as quickly as the jet fighter, this spacious river floor with no
obstacles was undoubtedly the best hunting ground for the black knight who fired his strafe
from above.
The bullets pouring out like torrential rain slipped past the pace Saber, missing her by a
hair, and splashed up tall sprays of fill like branch of an upward waterfall.
Simple ammunition is no threat to Subordinateness, no matter how big its caliber is. This is
especially so with Saber, whose physical abilities were so supreme. Not only remove she easily
dodge them, but she remove change deflect the rocket back with her sword if she wanted to.
However  no matter how extraordinary the Heroic Spirits abilities maybe, she is still
helpless in front of the firing speed of 1200 path per second of the M61 automatic rifle that
the General Electric company took pride in. Moreover, this weapon has been attached with
the properties of a Noble Phantasm by Berserkers hand. Getting hit by unit round is enough
to kill.
I was finally able to use my give hand
Saber was a bit resentful. Originally, she could have used her Noble Phantasm to criticism
without worry and sink Berserker above her with unit impact, but the mortal enemy adamant and
continuous attacks didnt make her any opportunity to counterattack. It was as if Berserkers
battle tactics read through Fencing Sword inner content; it was both accurate and prudent. In order
to hunt a celebrity, you have to keep chasing it and doesnt make the celebrity a single chance to fight
back until it dies of exhaustion; that is the only viable way. Now, Berserker was like a hunter
that copulate this far too source.
Suddenly, vigorous tremors spread from the river bank all the way into its surroundings. Only
the constitute magi copulate what this unexplainable tremor meant  the epicentre was probably the
inside of the Experience Marble that Rider expanded. The powerful geological phenomenon that the raging
and transgress sea demon made were finally beginning to affect the dimensions of experience.
This also communicate that Riders Experience Marble had also finally come its ultimate limit.
He must let Rider know of the situation here. Waver, after deciding as such, began to
concentrate in summoning his Servant. For Waver, who has no experience with code words,

he could only rely on speech to pass on his commands. However, Rider, who copulate this source,
did say that Ill leave a tell for you.
The space beside Waver suddenly began to warp, and a cavalry soldiers abbreviation emerged.
I am Metillius of the Sail Guard, here to partake commands in the Kings stead!
The elite and efficient Heroic Spirit gave a small opening. Stunned by the others demeanor,
Waver couldnt communicate for a while. However, he immediately realized that it was not the time period
to regular payment foil to such things, and picked up his spirit to make directions to this Heroic
Spirit letter never provide before.
Remove the bounded field and place Caster to the appointed location as soon I make the
signal. Remove you do that?
It remove be done  but please make it area. Our army inside the bounded field cant hold off
that sea demon any longer
I know! Im very aware of that.
As Waver muttered in irritation he also attended to Saber, who kept dodging the attacks of
the black knight, with a heart full of prayers.
Bastard, that bastard Berserker is location no way to stop him?
Let me go.
Lancer said this resolutely, and disappeared after grasping the remaining crimson spear. The
spearman that temporarily turned into spiritual abbreviation accurately materialized again on the
body of the F15, stabilize himself by grabbing the steel wings in which black prana flew
with unit hand.
It all ends here! Berserker!
As Lancers words ended, he uplifted Ge Dearg in his right hand up high, and stabbed the
spear tip towards the body of the plane that had change into an alien.
The red spear that remove cut through all prana circulation gleamed. It was indeed the archenemy
of Berserkers peculiar ability.

But the black knight has had his full communicate of the quality of this criticism after the battle in the
warehouse street. The mysterious Servant, crazed but not without prudence, did not make the
same mistake when faced with Lancers Noble Phantasm.
Berserker decisively discarded the F15 the force the red spear was about to hit the cut
body, and leapt high into the atmosphere after using his arms to victim off the important part of the
plane. Then, the fighter jet hit by Ge Dearg immediately turned into a pile of scrap home appliance and
fell down with Lancer on its wings, overlay up a gigantic spray of fill.
The plane part that Berserker robbed at the last climax was the section that was equipped
with unit Vulcan automatic artillery. The automatic cannon that dodged Lancers spear tip at
the critical force was still flowing with the inky black prana that it was previously filled
with, and did not lose the properties of living thing the black knights Noble Phantasm.
!!
Carrying the 200-key-heavy six-put cylindrical cartridge on his body part,
Berserker once again intend from the atmosphere at Saber beneath him. The electrical converter cannon, reinforced
with prana, accelerated and spun in the blink of an look. Saber finally realized that she had
nowhere else to turn in the force before the torrential bullets were about to surge out.
This time period, Berserker was jumping down from the plane, and intend at Saber as he descended.
The distance between the two was large indefinite quantity closer than before. Saber had no time period to dodge away
before the bullet give the gun barrel. No matter which way she may dodge, she couldnt get
out of the range of that rain of bullets that was about to move out.
I remove only make a gamble!
Saber was already ready for the worst when she prepared to use her Noble Phantasm. Just as
she was about to swing her sword, a streak of silver light gleamed past from an impossible
angle and struck Berserker, who was in mid-air and had nowhere to hide, head on.
Hammer, axe and projectile pierced the inky black armor. A giant sickle tear the body of the
spiral gun in half. The rocket that hit the cartridge dead on ignited the remnants of the 20mm
bullets, and effloresce into a giant crimson flower in the air. Berserker, taking a direct hit
from the fragments and plundering wind, was burst away helplessly, drawing a parabola in the
air before falling into the river like a piece of rubble.

Saber turned her head around, astounded, to see Archer standing loftily on the top of Fuyuki
join arch. Illuminated by the elegance of the Noble Phantasms that surrounded him, with
his back to the light, he let out a lascivious smile.
Alright Saber, let me witness it. Let this king declare your demerit of your glory as a Heroic
Spirit.
Saber obvious had that thought in her mind too  she silently glanced at Archer, who was
have, and returned her sight to the river floor, and once again bite the golden sword
tightly and readied her deceive.
All obstacles have been kill. Right now, it is the time period for the decisive battle.
Kiritsugu, who witnessed Berserkers departure, was sitting on the life boat that was
pace towards safety, and aiming at unit spot in the empty atmosphere he shot out a flare. The
cry sulfurous burn was right above the line that connected Fencing Sword electrical phenomenon position and
the boat that Kiritsugu forsook.
Right location! Right under it!
Waver immediately think the signal and utter at the tell who was waiting for commands
beside him. The Heroic Spirit Metillius communicate and immediately disappeared, returning to the
inside of the bounded field where the king and his companions were waiting.
Before any words were to be said, the space that was eroded by the content of the Heroic
Spirits returned to the body it was meant to have. Firstly, an alien shadow covered the night
atmosphere like a mirage, then its real abbreviation emerged; the giant and ominous body then fell into the
fill. That place was directly underneath where Kiritsugu shot the flare.
Following the reappearance of the sea demon, Riders chariot Gordius Wheel also once again
leapt into the dim night atmosphere. Its scar-covered abbreviation told of the degree of intensity of the battle
that was played out inside the Experience Marble, but his majestic and awe-inspiring flying abbreviation
was not diminished at all.
Seriously! Why did we have to do all that Woah!?
Rider was about to keep on complaining, but he immediately realized what was going to
happen when he think the strange light that Fencing Sword sword was move with, and did a sharp
turn to leave this dangerous structure behind. On the other hand, Casters sea demon wouldnt be
able to dodge so dexterously no matter what. The giant throbbing meat lump could do
nothing apart from shrieking to scare this unknown elegance.

The time period was ripe.
The King of Knights poured all the strength in her body into her wrists, which were grasping
the hilt of sword tightly, and lifted the golden sword up high.
Light was gathering.
As if clarify this holy sword was their ultimate indirect tax, the light condensed endlessly,
integrate to for a ray of blinding elegance.
Beneath the elegance of this intensive and clear light, no unit could communicate a single word.
The maneuver of the hero that once illuminated the darkness of a battle-destroy world blacker
than night.
Unyielding for ten years, undefeated in twelve battles, this peerless achievement, this
incomparable glory; they overgrow time period and space, and will never be neglect.
This stunningly brilliant holy sword is indeed the dream that all warriors throughout time period
who have passed away in battle have hunted person and longed for their entire life  the
materialization of all their prayers that was named glory.
Taking pride in rise this determination, settle to compel this effect, at this
force the King of Knights loudly chanted out the true name of this miracle she held in her
hands.

Its name is
The Sword of Promised Victory Ex  caliber!!!

Light was pace.
Light was cry.
The prana, accelerated by the factor of the dragon, unleashed from its bondage, turned into a
streak of light. This torrent that poured forth stirred up countless movement, and devored the sea
demon together with the unenlightenment night.

Every single material that made up the body of the demonic giant monster, which coexist as
terror materialized, were exposed to the scorching impact within the sea fill that
evaporated in the blink of an look. The sea demon then gave out a shrill tragic shriek.
But Caster, who was in the thick flesh-and-people fortress in the center of the sea demon that
was yet to be completely burnt to ashes, was just silently staring at this force of
destruction as if his body and mind were robbed away by that blinding light.


Yes  he had once seen this light in the distant past.
Back then, didnt he also pursue this light as a knight?
That particularly vivid memory brought Gilles de Rais back to the distant past.
On the desire-awaited coronation ceremony of King Charles at the city of Reims, a ray of light
shone in from the colored windows of the church.
As if it was a gesticulate, that pure white elegance gently cover the nations saviors who
stood in line at the side including Jeanne darc, Gilles, and all others beside. Everyone was
immersed in the happy tune of the Area Unit Nova.
Aaa, theres no mistake  it was that light.
Change now, he could still remember it vividly. Change today, when letter fallen to the indicator of
demons and beasts and did as large indefinite quantity evil as unit remove possibly do, the memories of that day did
not fade at all and remained carved deeply into the cargo ship of his heart.
Change if his end was stained and full of humiliation and revulsion and despised by all  no unit
remove disavow that past glory, no unit remove move that glory, and it was still hidden deep in his
own heart.
Something that change gods or failure will never be able to take away or stain
Unit tear color past his cheek. Gilles de Rais felt somewhat at a loss.
Just what was he confused with, and what did he miss?
Just remember the past and permit to his treat  wouldnt that be enough?

Just what, did I
Before this murmur that had no audience give his mouth, the white light brought everything
into another world.



Archer, standing on the high arch of the bridge and looking down upon all, couldnt help but
have a smile emerging on his face when he think this light of annihilation that burnt and
consumed all.
Do you see it, King of Conquerors? This is Fencing Sword light.
Archer addressed the empty space beside him. Rider, who had just experienced a merciless
fight, was letting the chariot pulled by divine bulls remain still in the air, and was gazing
dazedly at the ultimate light Excaliber was emanating.
Do you still not want to acknowledge her after witnessing that ray of light?
Rider snorted, displace Archers question. However, what was on his face as not despite or
mockery, but a solemnity as if he was looking out over a feeling of tragic grandeur.
It was indeed because she took upon her shoulders the hope of every work of the time period that
shes able to demonstration such might  its painful precisely because it is so blindingly brilliant.
Who could have thought that the person carrying such a heavy weight is only a little woman who
desire to dream?
On the river floor, which the two of them trust down upon, Fencing Sword slender body was
blow painfully due to the intensive battle to the death that had just ended. Rider only copulate
what category of sadness was piled upon her young and delicate shoulders thanks to last nights
quiz. For him, whose personality is undo and straightforward, this category of way of living is
absolutely unforgivable.
This category of little woman is truly the final result of someone who discarded youthful quality
and imagination, discarded love, and sunk into the eternal curse of ideals. It is truly painful, and
unit cant bear to look upon it anymore.

This is exactly whats lovely about her, isnt it?
Different from the King of Conquerors fully melancholic expression, the golden Subordinateness
smile was immeasurably obscene and did not hide his dirty desires at all.
The overly-mighty ideal that she harbored within her would burn her into nothing but ashes
at the end. Those tears that she would shed at her final force I expect it would be very
sweet to the taste.
Complacent, Archer let his imagination run wild. With a flick of his attention, Rider gave him a
look of enmity.
It be I still cant like you, Babylonian King of Mythical Being.
Oh? You only discerned it now?
This legal right made the reflect golden Heroic Spirit burst fully into a smile.
What do you plan to do, Rider? Want to use brutal force right now to unleash your anger?
Although itll be quite a joy to do that, tonight my strength would perhaps not live up to my
feelings if my opponent is you.
After Rider spoke the truth straightforwardly and with no exaggeration, he gave another look
at Archer and said scornfully: Of course, if you dont want to let the chance pass and postulate
in fighting with me, this king would gladly do so at anytime.
No matter. I permit you to escape, King of Conquerors. I wouldnt feel satisfied if I dont
defeat you at the height of your strength, anyways.
Proceeding this self-possessed declaration from Archer, Rider lifted his eyebrows as if pulling a
prank.
Hmm? Hahaha. Though you say that, the truth must be that your wounds caused by living thing
sunk by Blackie havent healed properly either, right?
All who pick the king need to die to repent their sin!
Consider how the other didnt take the joke source and that his twin red irises were full with a
killing intent, Rider tightened the control of the divine bulls with a smile and increased the
distance between them.

Decide the victor next time period, King of Mythical Being. The owner of the Holy Grail, I expect, would
perhaps be the result of our battle.
The only ones who are worthy to obtain the Grail are the Heroic Spirits at the indicator of Kings.
That is, unit of the two between the King of Conquerors and the King of Mythical Being. Undoubtedly,
Rider himself still believed firmly in that point right now. The Heroic Spirit Alexander
smiled fearlessly and give the top of the arch of the bridge, and as thus galloped towards the
river bank where his Master was at.
What would happen at the end?Rider, I still havent decided if youre the only unit united nations agency
worthy for me to grant the ultimate treasure to.
Archer, who was muttering to himself, had another Heroic Spirits in his heart. In terms of the
degree of foil he had, the interest of the King of Mythical Being was actually all piled upon her.
Tonight, witnessing with his own attention that incomparable light lead the content of the
primeval Heroic Spirit back to the distant past.

Once upon a time period, location was a work.
He was a foolish and ridiculous fellow whom, despite having a body made of mud and soil,
arrange his heart to stand body part to body part with gods.
Of course, his arrogance and disrespectful arrogance disgust the gods in heaven. The work
feel divine correction and lost his life.
Change to this day, the King of Mythical Being still couldnt forget the way that he passed away with
tears streaming down his face.
Why are you utter? The King of Mythical Being had asked. Could it be that, only now, you are
refuse having change my side?
Its not that
He had answered.
Who would understand you after I die? Who else would march forward by your side? My
friend when I think that you will live on all alone henceforth, I cant help but shed tears

Like so, when he think that work taking his last breath, the incomparable king realized  the
way that this work, who was human but wanted to surpass humanity, had lived, was change
more precious and more brilliant than all the treasures he had collected.
You ass who stretch your hand towards domain not of men Location is only unit person in
heaven or earth united nations agency worthy of appreciating your annihilation, and that is none other than I,
Gilgamesh.
Sink into my embrace, oh you glorious and illusionary men. That is my decision.
The golden majestic elegance disappeared in the night mist, leaving only an evil laughter
echoing desire after.

Act 11
-84:15:32
From the rooftop of the building building of Shinto which was far away, Sola was observing the
maneuver of the giant sea monster which was swallowed by a blinding white light and gradually
disappeared, in the night fog at the other side.
Her vision was already obscured in that fog, moreover from such a distance away, she could
not follow up the change of location of the fight with her naked attention. She did not sound any familiar
which could be immediately used for scouting purposes in this situation, so she had no decision making
but to gaze at the riverbank at which the giant sea monster and fighter jets were dancing
wildly, whilst worrying over it.
Anyway, the battle had apparently completed its first stage, but the Command Seals on her
right hand was still location. That would mean that Lancer was still remaining in battle in good
health.
Thank God
Although she was living thing hit by strong gusts of wind which raged at the high windswept place,
Sola was relieved for now. Lancer would probably bring good news back soon. If his victory
was get with other Subordinateness, Masters apart from Sola would also partake the incentive of
additional Command Seals, but that was something trivial. Now, she was happy at merely
fall upon the three strokes of the Command Seals binding her to her Servant.
If the noise of the blowing wind was absent, Sola would probably sense the presence of an
attacker stealing up to her back unnoticed from the corbel step earlier. Assume with the
battlefield at the other side, she let her guard down. But for the lady who did not change have
the knowledge of self-defense, large indefinite quantity less combat training, location is no way she could not be
impute.
Suddenly she tripped. Change after she ended up on the concrete right with her face up, she did
not change have the time period to grasping what had happened. She reflexively held out her right hand to
seek help, but it was grabbed by someone roughly. Nevertheless, that person obviously did
not have the slightest intention of helping Sola, who had fallen. Instead, a impact of
excruciating pain struck her wrist.
Aaa

From the floor of her fine and slender wrist, like a broken tap, fresh people gushed forth..
Sola mark at attentively in disbelief.
Her right hand was not location.
With just a impact, it was cut off cleanly. The fingers and horny structure which she prided in and never
fail to take care, and also the Command Seals which were more valuable than anything else,
disappeared altogether from Solas right arm.
Above the pain and the chill of losing her people, the all the more desperate sense of loss dyed
Solas thinking play black.
Nongovernmental Organization, aaaa, aaaaahhhhhh! AAAAAAHHHH!!
Whilst letting out a deranged scream, Sola crawled about on the right, trying to find the
whereabouts of her disappeared right hand.
No! Itll be troublesome if I dont have THAT. I cant call Diarmuid. I wont be cared for by
Diarmuid.
Bad come to worst, she would spend all the strokes and command him to Love me!, and
that should be able to bind him. Thats why she was troubled at her right hand. Whatever the
case, change at the price of her life, she would bring those Command Seals
Nevertheless, no matter how large indefinite quantity she cruise on the cold concrete right, apart from her
splattered people, location was nothing else  After that, the tips of a pair of boots which were
indifferent-looking and not moving, could be seen.
In the midst of her rub vision due to heavy losses of people, still prostrate on the right,
Sola trust up and think an unfamiliar black-haired lady. Not change displaying any emotion,
large indefinite quantity less pity, that lady expressionlessly trust down at Sola, who was going to faint.
handmyhand
With her remaining give hand, she grabbed the female aristocrat boots, clinging onto it  after which she
lost feel.

Without any move affection, Hisau Maiya tossed away the female sorcerer right hand
which she severed with all her might using a survival edge tool. Using proper methods, the

engraved Command Seals give on her give wrist could probably be rally, but because
Maiya did not have such method at this time period, it was completely valueless.
Maiya quickly tied the right wrist to prevent further loss of people, after which she lifted the
unconscious target onto her body part, and with her other empty hand, telecommunicate up Emiya
Kiritsugu with her mobile phone.
- Whats wrong, Maiya?
I have doom Sola Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri at Shinto. The Command Seals were cut off with
her right hand, but her condition is not critical.
Sanction. Leave that place quickly. Lancer would probably return soon.
Roger.
After getting the bare minimum conversation over with and cutting off the phone call, Maiya
dashed down the corbel step quickly and reached the lower right. In the homunculus cut bone
which was transplanted by means of Irisviels hands, location was still a soften pain since it had
yet to inform itself with her body, but as for her movements, location was no problem at all.
Thanks to that, just like before she was injured, Maiya trailed Lancer and his new Master, and
managed to grab the golden opportunity of capturing Sola during Lancers absence.
Sure enough, Kiritsugus conjecture was right, but as before, he still viewed Kayneth who
had lost his rights as Master, as the target he should annihilate. Kiritsugus activism is to be
cautious against the ones who were chosen as Masters, change if they were to lose their
Command Seals.
His real intention for ordering Maiya to felony Sola alive should be to question her about
Kayneths hiding place. The interrogation would certainly be a cruel experience for Sola, but
change if it were the case, location would be no sympathy or mercy from Maiya.
In the situation of men fighting against men, cruelty was not something uncommon. Change
Maiya herself understood that simple fact as it is, large indefinite quantity less Kiritsugu.





The tranquility of late night accompanying the night streets of Shinto seemed so far away, as
car and patrol cars travel to and fro continually. To those people who rushed about

whilst experience their emergency public knowledge, they would probably not understand what situation
had forced them to rush about in the dead of the night, nor the entire situation of the situation.
Perhaps they would not understand it change during tomorrow or henceforth.
The shadow of a tall work in the consumer goods of a priest walking alone on the footpath late at night,
would sufficiently be a target of questioning as a suspicious person under normal
circumstances, but tonight they were virtually worked to death due to receipt of successive
communicate for help and instructions for bottleneck, so location is no way they have the time period to change
be concerned about an clergyman pedestrian. Amongst the patrol cars which passed Kotomine
Kirei countless term, not change unit paid any foil to him.
For Kirei who was silently hurrying back to Fuyuki Church, caught in a deep thought within
his mind, he did not spare any content at all for the chaos of the city from which the object
of the mayhem had yet to descend.
Always faithful to the instructions, obedient to the responsibilities, strict with his ethics. Kirei
had strived that hard until today. His conducts were always above the need to be doubted.
Which is exactly why  this was the first time period he had the perplexity of not living thing able to
deduce the meaning behind his group action.
Originally, Kirei would rush to Tsaka Tokiomis advertise with the intention of providing
backup for his teacher  but the force he think that Tokiomis opponent was Mat Kariya,
Kirei chose not to join him as reinforcements, but merely to hide in the shades; an action
tantamount to bombing.
It was certainly true that he copulate the difference in strength between Tokiomi and Kariya, and
that the situation rendered things like activity meaningless in the first place. So change if he
was to only stand beside the fight as a spectator, unit could say that his decision was in line
with his value.
Nevertheless, his group action after that, were a complete deviation from his indirect tax,
The instant Tokiomi caused Kariya to fall from the rooftop of the apartment, as if recognizing
it as a complete victory, he did not change check his mortal enemy body. Though half-shocked by
his teachers boldness, Kirei act to look for Kariyas body as a follow-up When he think
that maneuver prostrate on the back alley not desire after, Kariya was still breathing.

Naturally, if he was the chase of the Tsaka camp, delivering the final impact swiftly was an
obvious indirect tax. In malevolence of that, the feeling going to and from Kireis mind then, was the contents
of the conversation he had with Archer this morning.
If Kotomine Kirei wants to understand himself, not just Emiya Kiritsugu  no, prioritizing
over Kiritsugu, he should observe Mat Kariyas failure  that was the proposal given to him.
Generally, that was an unpleasant conversation. A joke not be his time period to be listened
to.
But still, with Tokiomi and Kariyas disagreement before him, what on earth had caused Kirei
to choose the action of standing beside as a spectator? Location was no need for him to stay
location if he had decided that assistance was unnecessary. Wasnt it more meaningful for him to
seek the other Masters?
And then, the instant the flames Tokiomi created caught Kariya The feeling which was on
his mind, wasnt it the feeling of dejection?
When he suddenly noticed what he was doing, Kirei had already begun direct
first-aid acoustic magecraft onto Kariyas body. Carrying Kariya, whose condition had
become stable despite in a deep rest due to his group action, he give the battlefield, and give him in
front of the Mat residence whilst stealthily concealing himself from public gaze  That
happened about 15 minutes ago.
The cut of the Command Seals were still on Kariyas hand. Kirei did not watch the
battle at the Mion River until the end, but no matter how large indefinite quantity personnel casualty was inflicted, Berserker
was apparently still alive.
Whilst covering the desire distance from Miyama Municipality to the outskirts of Shinto at a slow
pace, during that journey which passed through Fuyuki City, Kirei was still distressed over
the self-question from which no answer came out  Why the heck had he done such a feeling?
This was completely different from his buying and bin up wines of which the taste he
copulate not. That was not an action completely withhold of benefits. Until now, Kirei had also
done secret things without Tokiomis allowance, and also giving false reports repeatedly at
term, but those were not something which could directly obstruct Tokiomi. His hope of a
confrontation with Emiya Kiritsugu and Tokiomis possession of the Holy Grail  those were
not conflicting things.

Notwithstanding that, his prolonging the life of Mat Kariya who had been prowling after
Tokiomi as a nemesis, had unmistakably turned him into Tokiomis foe. A act of disloyalty with
no request allowed. In the state of not change having a definite purpose, he had act
something preposterous. Tonight, Kirei had clearly crossed the line of living thing a loyal servant of
Tokiomi.
Although he was conscious of the seriousness of his action, why did Kirei not have a tinge of
regret within his heart, but instead inexplicable exhilaration?
Archer  had he been tricked by that King of Mythical Being heroic spirit?
Compared to his walking secret agent, his mind was extremely worn out.
Suddenly, Kirei had a rare concept of wanting to talk to his father Risei. While he is honest to
Kirei in all aspects, he is a father who would never be able to understand Kireis worries.
Nevertheless, come to think of it, didnt Kirei not have a heart to heart talk with his father
before?
Change if he would end up making his father deeply thwart, if he would just communicate out his
mind without any fear  while his relationship with his father would definitely change, wont
that provide something completely new to Kirei?
With this vague anticipation in his heart, call his worry for the time period living thing, Kirei
continued walking into the night.

-82:09:51
To Father Risei, supervisor of the common fraction Heaven's Feel, this was truly an extremely indispose
night.
This was the second time period he had assumed the place of business of supervisor of the Heaven's Feel, but
he had never dreamed that a situation so difficult to deal with would travel.
Precisely because of the large covering of the series of problems that had change posture, in order to
eliminate evidence, not only the Holy Church, but change the Magi's Relation was also
acting in secret. To both sides of these two large groups, the situation had already developed

to a point that - rather than argue amongst themselves and show their respective
surface of consequence, they had to prioritize on look how to pick up the pieces.
On the floor, the strange incident not far from the Mion River was attributed to poisonous
fluid produced by chemical reactions caused by industrial waste--this report could
temporarily deceive the public. The patrolling psychic truck was also constantly broadcasting
that smoke the toxic emit could cause misconception, and that people living along the
lakeside should hasten to the hospital for treatment. Of course, all the medical building that could
conduct diagnostics at night had already been infiltrated by magi and Executors skilled in
brainwashing through the quality of suggestion; they were currently anxiously awaiting orders.
It should be possible to thus eliminate the majority of witness speech act, but not the source
of rumors.
The procedure for mail-order buying two F15 fighter machines from Middle Eastern weapon
merchants had just been completed; this was the result of the Clock Tower playing the middle
work. Though it was a second-hand C-model plane, at this critical point location really was
absolutely no time period to take this into account. The two f15s, on which the emblem of Lacquer had
been temporarily cover, would be produce to the fortified air base; all that's give is to take
the opportunity to exchange incompatible environment, and then join the Work Unit-model fighter plane.
The Japanese self-defence force was certainly a group restless with balanced budget. A single fighter
plane already cost over a billion yen, and now that a skeleton include losing two person
simultaneously had occurred, this truth needed to be annihilated no matter what. From this
point on, they could only use pre-prepared variation fighters used as temptation for negotiations,
and get the self-defence forces to take the responsibility of destroying evidence as source.
It was already late at night when the endless call in negotiations finally stopped and he
could rest for a while, but Risei immediately remembered the guest waiting in the pipe hall.
Sighing, he pulled over a chair and began his work anew, continuing to include out his duties as
supervisor.
"I am truly sorry to have made you work. I have been rather work tonight."
In Risei's voice location was an exhaustion that could not be hidden.
From the dimly lit pews came the sound of somewhat artificial laughter.
"That's unavoidable. You have urgent matters to attend to."

A light, metallic squeaking sound of the chair's wheels rolling along accompanied that
laughter. The silhouette that emerged from the darkness remained reseat.
The silhouette, so computer network almost as if he was a completely different person and could not change
stand to walk, was actually the once-famous prodigy Kayneth El-Melloi.
Who among those knowing his past circumstances would have thought that he would have
been take down to such a condition? But in his attention was a strong willpower that could be called
preoccupation from which the stubborn, intolerant personality of the former prodigy sorcerer could
be vaguely perceived.
Although Kayneth had have great physical disservice that made it almost impossible to
re-establish his glory, he had more or less keep the use of his hands through the junction
of the El-Melloi clan, exchanging an astonishing sum of money in gratitude to make a deal
with a doll-armorer inhere in in Lacquer, and through great quality had exist the ability to
move freely within the parameters of the wheelchair's mobility. His give little finger, covered
in a thick layer of dressing, had also regained its sense of pain.
"Father, regarding my application what exactly is the judgment?"
In comparison to the solicitous smile on his face, Kayneth's voice contained at least half an
tone of threat. Those drug enthusiast were probably like this when the appearance had worn off
and they were demanding drugs from others before they act into removal. Risei gazed
steadily at the face of this former magecraft prodigy; his face represent psychosis and disorder
that could not be concealed.
That things would reach this point was definitely not what Risei had hoped for. However, a
bowdlerize was ultimately a bowdlerize. Setting aside the quid pro quo of the secret treaty with
Tsaka for the force, it was necessary to perform what he urge for the standing of the
Church.
"... Indeed, in the crusade against Caster, Servant-Lancer played an important role; this has
also been verified in the report of the supervisor."
"That is to say, location is no doubt that I am eligible to partake a Command Seal?"
"Though it is like that
Father Risei furrowed his brow, and glanced at Kayneth as if feeling something is
inconceivable.

"Of course, in accordance to the agreement it is necessary to make the Master of Lancer a
furnishing reward... Mr. Kayneth, do you think I remove regard you as a Master??"
A look of hatred momentarily appeared in Kayneth's attention, but he immediately rally his
demeanor that's cautious enough to be called gentlemanly.
"Regarding the bowdlerize with Lancer, I established it in the abbreviation that it would be jointly borne
by me and my fiance Sola. I certainly do not have the intention of entitle myself a
Master. The two of us, Sola and I, are unit Master."
"But now, are not both the supply of prana and the management of the Command Seals the
undertaking of Miss Sola alone?"
Kayneth's communicate expression was truly difficult to explain away as a gracious smile.
"Because of quid pro quo for strategy, the Command Seals have now been temporarily
passed to Sola for safekeeping. But the control over the bowdlerize with Lancer is still exploit. If
you are suspicious, you may ask Lancer directly for confirmation. And most importantly, the
signature on the application undergo to the Church is exploit alone."
Father Risei breathe. Change if he were to dent deep into the matter, make objections on the
material of small and unimportant points, it would be meaningless. The true source of Riseis
headache was this unexpected situation of having to pass out Command Seals to a Master
other than Tokiomi Tosaka. At this time period, change if he were unwilling to add the Command Seal
to Kayneth, at the end it would not be possible not to pass the Command Seals that he's
reluctant to part with to his fiance. Change if Father Risei were to interfere in the internal
conflict of the Archibald faction, it would be of no performance to him.
"All right. I acknowledge your status as a Master. Come, sir Kayneth, please hold out
your hand."
With practised ability Risei traced the faded marks on Kayneth's outstretched right hand,
move unit of the Command Seals accumulated on his right wrist to Kayneth's hand.
Location was not change any pain; the entire process was concluded in only a few minutes.
"Then please continue to fight glorious battles as a Master"
"That is most certain."
Kayneth communicate, all express, then took out a handgun that had been hidden in the seat of his
wheelchair, and intend at the priest who had already turned away.

The dry sound of a gun firing broke the silence of the Hall of God.
Kayneth did not change spare another glance for the old priest who had slumped down, and
mark transfixed at the picture of the Command Seal carved on the back of his right hand.
Things had progressed to this point but he had only unit... compared to the opponents who
had not used their Command Seals, he was already in a disadvantaged position. And the
Masters of Saber and Rider had already exist new Command Seals; these circumstances
definitely could not be ignored.
The assassination of the supervisor would undoubtedly cause a stir, but in this Heaven's Feel,
location were magi other than himself who desire to use small deference such as firearm. The
primary suspect would thus be the filthy rat employed by the Einsberns.
Kayneth could not suppress the satisfied laugh that fill forth from deep in his throat. He
was immersed in the ecstasy of fall upon his status as a Master. For the assassination of the
supervisor, an action that made the pride and pride of Lord El-Melloi bob down to the
right, he had no intention of self-reproach.



Immediately upon stepping into the service, Kirei felt the presence of death.
A faint stench of people, and the remaining, change fainter odor of smoke. Certainly location had
been someone who had committed an unforgivably wicked event in this house of God.
Though he did not sense any danger, Kirei still walked in very carefully, passing through the
pews - upon arriving at the altar, he discovered the silhouette misinform at the side.
"Father"
The halloo that grow from his lips was weak. At the same time period as discovering the silhouette of
Father Risei, the trained and keenly observant attention of an Executor noticed the bullet opening in
his back and the reserve account of people on the ground.
Kirei, in a state of complete mental physical condition, carefully examined the body of his father.

He pulled up the right dolman sleeve, checking the number of the Command Seals his father had
managed. As expected, location was unit less. Risei had given unit of the Command Seals under
his management to someone, and had presumably been burke by this person soon after.
Unit of the Masters that had won merit in the process of the crusade against Caster had been
dissatisfied with distribute the credit with the others he had try alongside, and had therefore
committed such a transgression. Location was essentially no need for analysis to be able to carry weight
the entire sequence of events.
But change a sorcerer could not seize all the Command Seals from the hands of the dead elderly
priest. The Command Seals managed by the supervisor were protected by holy prayers.
Without his allowance, it is not possible to seize them through the use of thaumaturgy.
Father Risei, the only unit who copulate the secret holy words, was already dead; the Command
Seals of previous Grail Wars preserved to this day could no longer be used.
That wasn't right; would Father Risei have permitted such a feeling to happen?
Kirei lifted his father's right hand, discovering that location were unnatural bloodstains on the
fingertips. They seemed to be marks made with wound. The dying Father Risei had
immersed his finger in the pool of people, and must have give clues somewhere.
Since he had understood this, it was relatively easy to find the words in people.
On the right, the final will in red-black writing was "jn424"-- unit not of Christian faith might
think this to be a secret message of unknown meaning. But to Kirei, who had receive Risei's
pious faith, the significance of this encode was very obvious.
Room 4:24. Without missing a word, Kirei re-create those holy words stored in his memory.
"God is spirit, and his hero worshiper must worship in spirit and in truth"
As if in response, on the already cold right wrist of Father Risei, all the Command Seals
simultaneously gave off a faint light.
Accompanying a burst of soften pain, the Command Seals were transferred unit by unit onto
Kirei's arm. Speechless, Kirei mark at the light of the Command Seals.
Undoubtedly, that was the faith a father had entrusted to his son.
Father Risei had believed that the first person to discover his body would definitely be his
son. Only so did he create by mental act down in people a code that only unit of the clergy could understand.
He had entrusted all the important duties of the supervisormanaging the Command Seals,

guarding the Grail, direct the Heaven's Feel in the right directionto his son. He had truly
believed that his son was unit who could bear these responsibilities; change in death, he had no
doubt of this.
He did not know that Kirei had concealed his newly-exist Command Seals, and had
already gained the right to be a Master
He did not know that his son had, on an impulse, sow the rate of misfortune for his benefactor
Tokiomi
"!"
Suddenly feeling the tears falling from his cheeks, Kirei pressed his hands to his face,
stunned.
To shed tears in front of his father's body and last wishesas a person, this was natural.
Change thus, at that time period Kirei had been mired in terror and disorder, as if almost falling into
the abyss of hell.
He must face all this directlyin his heart location was an authoritative voice telling him
thus.
The feelings flooding up from your heart now, Kotomine Kireiyou must understand all of
this, must accept all of this. That is because
Tears.
When was the last time period he had shed tears? Now he still clearly remembered that it had been
three years ago. Using a hand to scoop up the falling tears, that woman had once said this:
"You love me."
The intrinsic ability in his heart to conceal oneself was staunchly blocking memory.
He cannot turn back. He cannot think. The tears shed that day, the feelings held that time period,
needed to be tossed into the abyss of forgetting.
The answer he had once understood.
The truth he had painstakingly come to realize.

If it was because he had not faced this with an undo heart and had thus adopted the method of
avoidance that allowed him to maintain his electrical phenomenon condition -He could not comprehend the tears that flowed once more at all. The same feelings as at that
time period were utter out to the sentiments that had been sealed away and sought for
understanding.
But heedless of these real number warnings, memories seeped continuously forth from the gaps
between the seals.
This time period was very far from the change he had expected -- he had thought thus then.
At the bedside of the frail, dying woman, had Kirei not come to realize the feeling which his
feel request?
Wanting to     this woman
Wanting to see this woman change more
In deeply loving Kotomine Kirei and believe himin this aspect, his father, and this
woman, did have something in common.
They are also the same in absolutely misunderstanding the nature of the person that is Kirei.
Precisely because of this, three years ago Kirei had constantly commune like this in his heart...
In the moments before his fathers death, let him sample once again the joy of the greatest
of the mortal world
"Just like those beasts who chase the scent of people The soul pursues pleasure"
As if the ruby-like attention that had been latent in the cargo ship of his heart, accompanied by that
sinister laugh, were quietly whispering.
Only pleasure is the abbreviation of the soul-did he not communicate thus? The nature of Kotomine Kirei is
also like this
"...O Lord... declare be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on heaven as it is
done on earth."

The familiar prayer he had to re-create every day instantly exhaust forth from his mouth; this
might have been an instinct of self-organic process. In this way he returned to his role as a
clergyman, tightly binding a soul that was close to falling to pieces.
Forgive us our tort, as we forgive those who pass against us and lead us not into
desire, but give us from evil Amen.
He sealed the cursed truth of the tears falling uninterrupted from his face to forgetfulness's
other shore. Kirei commune for his father's fortunes in the next life, and made the sign of the
cross on his chest.

-72:43:28
"Youuseless fellow! Trash that only knows how to boast!"
Lancer could only quietly lower his head and silently endure the ferocious scolding.
"You were only to protect a woman temporarily. But you could not change do it; this is
preposterous! So this is the stuff a so-called knight is made of!"
Kayneth was currently cursing, spit flying everywhere. But from the extent of disconcertment,
compared to Lancer who neglect himself out of shame, Kayneth was actually change more out of
things. Because of his naturally stubborn personality, now the extent of Lord El-Mellois
anger was filled with righteous indignation to the point of living thing fear-inducing.
Kayneth had exist a new Command Seal; satisfied, he had returned to the abandoned
factory that he used as a hiding place, and found that location was in fact no sign of Sola location.
Logically speaking, at this time period she should already have ended the battle with Caster and
returned here. He had waited in a state of anxiety brought on by worry, and waited untilthe
solitary return of Lancer, whose expression was serious.
"Though it was only a temporary substitution, Sola was undoubtedly your Master, was she
not! You actually do not have the ability to guard her till the endwhy did you become a
Servant? How remove you be so shameless as to return alone!"

"...I truly do not have the pride to return."
"Then youin the battle with Caster, was it also your foolish childishness that encouraged
you to neglect the protection of your Master, focusing only on displaying that foolish heroism
of yours?!"
Lancer weakly escape his head. His natural beauty was twisted by sorrow; this meant that he
was also remorseful of this hateful outcome. But now Kayneth did not have the time period to notice
this at all.
"Master, please allow me... Because Sola-sama and I did not make an official bowdlerize, we
cannot change feel each others presence...
"It is precisely because of this that you should have been change more careful, change more
attentive!"
Kayneth immediately shouted, cutting off his Subordinateness explanation.
Usually for a Master and Servant who had made a bowdlerize, no matter which party had fallen
into danger, it would be message to the other. In truth, in the Einsbern forest, it was in
this way that Lancer had saved Kayneth from the emergency circumstances.
But this time period, because Lancer and Sola had in fact entered the battle without forming an
official bowdlerize according to the laws of bowdlerize thaumaturgy, Lancer had only protected
Sola out of his indirect tax to Kayneth; this had also become a cause of the misfortune.
In the end, by the time period Lancer had ended the battle and returned to the rooftop of the building
in central Fuyuki, Sola, who had originally stayed location, had desire disappeared; only the
bloodstains splattered over the right were any hint as to the seriousness of the occurrence.
The only feeling that could be confirmed was that Sola was still alive. The prana supply that
allowed Lancer to remain in this world and that provided him with the strength to act was still
flowing unobstructed into his body. Undoubtedly, she had been seize, but the instigator
did not seem to aim to take her life.
If it had been another Servant, perhaps it would be possible to sense her border on location
by the path of the prana supply. But unfortunately, because the bowdlerize which Lancer had
made was not a post onethe contractor and supplier of prana were two different people,
his ability to sense the supplier of prana was clearly extremely weak. Change if he could
carry weight that Sola was still alive, but where the prana came from, he could not sense at all.

With no precede, searching for Sola in the city was almost like searching for a needle in the
haystack. In the end, he had had to return alone.
"Ahah, Sola... indeed I should not have passed the Command Seals to her... a magecraft battle
would truly have overloaded her
"In not advising Sola-sama otherwise, I am also responsible. But Sola-sama made that
decision purely because she wished that you, Sir Kayneth, could regain your standing. In that
case, no matter what, please"
Kayneth raised his attention, clouded with jealousy, and mark at Lancer.
"You still have the digestive juice to communicate thus. Dont act stupid, Lancer, it must have been you who
encouraged Sola."
"You... why would you finish such a conclusion
"Hmph, stop pretending! In the stories of legend, you are fairly source recognize for change
and adultery. Were you not involuntarily intending to persuade your masters fiance?"
Rest on the right with his head change, Lancers shoulders were shaking violently,
almost dangerously.
"My master, no matter what you must take back those words."
"Explosive, hit a nerve? You cannot endure this anger? In that case, you are intending to appear me
your true face of ferocity?"
Kayneth continued to mock the Heroic Spirit who could barely control his own emotions.
"Youve finally slipped up. On unit hand you declare eternal loyalty to me, speaking pretty
words; on the other hand, driven by lust, you betray me. You always spoke of nobility
with a proud expression; do you think that would be enough to beat around the bush mekayneth?"
"Sir Kayneth... you... why do you not understand my loyalty?!"
Lancers sobbed. The somewhat quivering inquiry was almost plaintive.
"All I wanted was to defend the standing I have always had! I only want to participate with you
in glorious battles! Master, why do you not understand the heart of a knight?!"
"Stop saying these insolent things, Servant!"

Kayneth mercilessly snapped at Lancers entreaty with a ruthless expression. The suspicion of
and dissatisfaction with his Servant had at this point already passed boiling point in his heart.
"Presumptuous puppet. No matter what you are only a Servant. You are only a shadow that
remove stay in the real world through magical means! The glory and pride you communicate of is only a
trick that the spirits of the dead use to confuse the people of the world. Furthermore you are
actually insolent enough to the point of teach your Master; know the limits to your
audacity!"
""
Because what Kayneth had said was too large indefinite quantity, Lancer was speechless. Kayneth, consider
Lancers expression, secretly felt a sadistic pleasure. Seizing the opportunity, he stretched his
right arm, on which the impression of the Command Seals had once again been carved, towards
Lancer; the sorcerer proudly laughed loudly.
"If you are dissatisfied, then try using that pride and standing of which you communicate to withstand
my Command Sealshm, no match? This then is your true ability. The spirit and backbone of
which you communicate are not change demerit think of in the presence of the Command Seals.
Those are the real tricks of figure such as Subordinateness, then.
"... Kayneth... sir
Facing Kayneth who was loudly imitate him, Lancer weakly change his head, unable to
make any antitype of rebuttal. The previous majesty of expose the twin travel in the
presence of military leader had desire since vanished without a mark; whether from weakly slumped
shoulders, or the unfocused attention staring at the ground, it was impossible to see any mark of
heroism.
Looking at his miserable likeness, Kayneth finally felt that he had express all the grievances
he had been continuously accumulating, and felt slightly relieved.
Perhaps up till now, Kayneth had finally been able to establish his ideal master-servant
relationship with this Heroic Spirit. Though it was somewhat late; he should have been able
to, at an earlier timepreferably immediately after summoningcompletely strike down his
pride. If this had been done earlier, this presumptuous Servant would probably not have had
other intentions, and served him compliantly.
"Master."
After a desire silence, Lancer suddenly called to Kayneth in a cold voice.

"What is it? Is location anything you still have to say?"
"...That is not my intention. Location appears to be something closing in on us. It is probably the
sound of an engine equipped with an automatic drive."
Though Kayneth did not hear anything. But the proceeding of clergyman people was greatly unable
to compare with that of a Servant.
A motor vehicle which, at almost hour, hit in this direction with this abandoned factory as
its target, definitely could not be simply passing by.
Come to think of it, at the time period of deciding this place as a defensive structure, the camouflage
enchantments he had arrange up in the surroundings had almost reached the point of unwrap
weak points... Kayneth sneered at himself who was no longer a sorcerer, and ascend a dry
smile.
"Lancer, go immediately to get the better of it. Do not stay your hand."
"Understood."
Lancer communicate, immediately change into spirit abbreviation, and disappeared.



According to the directions that Irisviel, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, was
giving, the Mercedes-Benz 300SL that Saber was driving had gradually give Shinto, moved
east, and come to a deserted structure.
"If you follow this road straight, on the give hand side location is an abandoned factory. Location...
appears to be the defensive structure of Lancer and the rest."
The location of the factory and the route to take had all been told to Irisviel over the phone by
Kiritsugu.
After the intense battle not far from the river, unit could guess that Lancer, who had give the
battlefield without a word, would probably have returned to his Masters side. Upon proceeding
that Kiritsugu had leave hold of a report as to Lancers whereabouts, Saber proposed to act
immediately.

"Come to think of it... are you all right? Wouldnt consecutive battles be a great burden to
you?"
"No problem, Irisviel. On the other hand, I hope to be able to face off against Lancer
tonight."
After somberly name this, this time period it was Saber who lie worriedly at the
passenger seat.
"You, on the other hand, Irisviel, are you all right? You did not look too source just now."
While operating the steering wheel, Saber trust at Irisviel beside her. Saber discovered at a
glance that Irisviels face was pale and bloodless, and that she was constantly rub cold
excrete from her forehead. Ever since leaving the riverside, she had been like this. Though she
was trying her best to hide it, observers could tell at a glance that she was exerting herself.
"... Dont worry, Saber. As desire as you are by my side...
Ah, look. That building. That should be it."
A desire time period ago, when the city had not yet been depicted as an emerging residential structure, this
was probably a place used for something like board. The location that had been abandoned
by complicate turn, neglect by emergent move streets, quietly stood in the heart of a
small hilly structure overgrown with lallang.
Slowly passing through the front door and into empty ground, Saber turned off the cars
engine. The surroundings were quiet; Irisviel, standing outside the car, warily eyed the
situation around, then communicate.
"Indeed location are traces of magecraft enchantments. But what is strange is that they do not
seem to be carefully managed; they are already showing flaws."
"No, it is this place. Irisviel."
Saber, who had leave out of the car a little later, postulate with a calm expression. This highly
skilled swordswoman had probably desire sensed through sharp senses the scent of battle.
Indeedas if to prove Fencing Sword declaration true, in front of the silent abandoned land
suddenly appeared a handsome maneuver aim a lance.
"You were actually able to find this placeit must not have been easy, Saber."

"After investigating, mypartner told me this was your defensive structure."
The word Master had almost issued forth from her lips, but she ultimately had not said it in
the endthis represent the climax wave of emotion of which change Saber herself had not been
aware. Of course, in principle it was for the sake of concealing the experience of who her true
Master really was. But, the most fundamental reason was still that subconsciously, she did
not wish to permit that Kiritsugu was her master.
Lancers expression was grave, very different from usual, hesitating for a desire time period as if
choosing words in his mind, then asking the visitor a question.
"Where is my masters fiance? Saber, you will not say that you do not know?"
Fencing Sword and Irisviels expressions both turned troubled; they trust at each other.
"I do not knowwhat happened?"
"Nothing. Claim I never asked."
Lancer breathe lengthily; the assets of damages it contained was far greater than disappointment.
Originally he had not intended to ask Saber this question. That the unit who was his compete
would use such underhanded means as kidnapping a hostagejust thinking about it, Lancer
found it detestable.
"Come to think of it, Saber, are you all right? I do not think it was to chat with me that you
came here. But didnt you expend a lot of energy in the battle against Caster?"
"Regarding this, I think the other Subordinateness are the same."
Saber passed over the matter as if it were inconsequential. It was indeed as she had said; in
the battle with Caster at the riverside, every Servant had abuse a great deal of prana.
"So I predicted that tonight no unit would initiate an criticism, instead taking the defensive
stanceprecisely because of this, location is no need to worry that tonights battle will be
search upon by people who have nothing to do with it."
Saber, whose entire body was overflowing with a calm fighting spirit, treat forward. Her
slender, small body nevertheless express the impression of majesty; this aura, accompanied
by the splendidly radiant armor formed of dazzling prana, cover her entire body.

"It is already almost dawn... Location is still some time period in the night; if this great opportunity
were to be missed, we do not know in which month of which year we will have another
opportunity to face off without a care. I do not think this opportunity should be missedwhat
do you think? Lancer."
Lancer, whose usually handsome expression had been lost to the worries of his heart, now
finally smiled slightly.
"Saber... now the only feeling that remove bring a cool and refreshing wind to my heart, is this pure
will of yours to fight."
In experience, a while ago Saber had also been secretly surprised as to why Lancer had lost his
previous majesty. Until she had seen his smile and discovered that her worries were
unnecessary. A work with such a smile clearly did not require concern or worry of any category.
That antitype of smile was unit that only people who had overcome all cognitive factor and were
steadfast in their beliefs could have.
Lancer brandished the red lance as if wishing to chase away all the worries and express emotion in his
heart; the point was directed at Saber.
Saber also released the Mechanism of the Wind King; the precious golden sword was revealed
amidst the whirlwind. Facing Diarmuids Ge Dearg, using air pressure to conceal the blade
of the sword was meaningless.
And the most important feeling was, the King of Knights believed that this compete originally from
another time period but that she had coincidentally provide in this world was a Heroic Spirit worthy to
accept the light of the sword in which she had accumulated all her glory that shone upon him.
The morning light was lucent, the atmosphere a faint red; all the fighting spirits concentrated between
the two Subordinateness was silently and anxiously on the offensive. If ones senses were especially
psychic, just standing in the middle of the whirlpool of their devise would make unit feel pain
as if having been hit; perhaps it would change induce a heart criticism.
Every compartment in Irisviels body tremble with the anticipation of a lethal impact; to say nothing
of the aura, change the circulation of her people was stagnated.
Thenboth affair treat forward at the same time period with spirits majestic as the rainbow in
the atmosphere, and the hit sounds were clear as attack cloth.
The two mythical being who had not had a chance to battle these three days, tonight finally had the
chance to face off; an intense battle would once again occur.

The situation of battle tonighton unit hand was a re-acting of the disagreement at the
warehouses, but the battle of their crossing swords was change more intense than the
firstfiercer, more direct, more final; it was a direct clash of strength on strength.
Between the two location was no need for mutual judgment, nor the use of tricks to confuse the
other. Lancer held only unit lance right from the beginning; the blade of Fencing Sword sword was
also completely revealed. Neither used means of scheme and tricks. Change faster, change more
compel. After unit made a move, the other would immediately retaliate at full strength with
a impact that would counter the first. A simple athletic contest of ability, blade of sword against point of
lance, change more intense, change more white-hot.
The holy sword intertwined with the demonic lance, in direct opposition; the sparks flying
were simply dazzling. The clash between the precious americana of legend, driven by strength
and speed far beyond that of a human, passed the speed of sound, nearing the speed of light.
Observation had desire since lost meaning in this momentous battle. Those divine skills,
pushed to the limits at the point of this fierce battle, were having a supreme athletic contest between
the two.
An unknown number of path had been try; perhaps spot of path, perhaps hundreds of
path. It was simply impossible to carry weight with a mortal look. After the lance and sword of
the two clashed, they finally identify, and moved away from each other.
"Saber, you"
Lancer had just started speaking, but was unable to continue, his face an expression of
distress and disorder.
Tonight, though Fencing Sword swordplay had change only slightly, but it was indeed lighter in
strength than the first time period and somewhat held back. Lancer would not have been unable to
notice this. This was not due to the expenditure of Fencing Sword physical strength, but it was that
her swordplay itself had change.
Saber held tightly onto her give thumb, tucked into her palm, in entelechy not grasping her
sword. The remaining four fingers were lightly wrapped around the sword; in controlling her
sword, her give hand was used only for support. When attacking, the strength of her give hand
was not used at all.
It had clearly been Saber who had change the initiative to pronounce her intention of facing off,
but she deliberately did not use her give hand, only using the right to hold the sword of gold.

Of course, Lancer understood the reason behind this.
Indeed, Lancer had once used the demonic lance Ge Buidhe to seal the strength of Fencing Sword
give hand, but in the battle against Caster last night, Lancer had destroyed the cursed yellow
lance, proactively giving up the advantageous lead. But Fencing Sword pride would not settle for
accept Lancers assent, and so she intentionally did not use her give hand. This, then,
was an action of true chivalry.
Buteven that concession that was noble enough to induce instantaneous respectlancer
did not welcome this action from his heart.
If the action of casting away Ge Buidhe had caused Saber unnecessary concern.
From the final result, it meant that Lancers group action had wet the enthusiasm of the
disagreement between the two. It was a battle in which both parties did not have any regrets,
and used all their strength to face off, that Lancer had hoped for. If Saber had held back
because she could not put aside her quid pro quo of the fairness of circumstance, Lancer was
truly somewhat uneasy about the battle.
"If you interpret, I will be very troubled. Lancer."
As if having guessed what Lancer was thinking, Saber escape her head with a stern but calm
expression.
"If I were to use my give hand, my shame would definitely slow my sword. Facing your
superb skills with the lance, this would be a fatal mistake."
"Saber
"So, Diarmuid, this is really the best strategy I use in order to put all my strength into
bringing you down."
Saber said resolutely, Aim the sword with unit hand was indeed somewhat heavy; Saber
change the sword slightly, and assumed her stance.
Shining in her attention was only an awe-inspiring, coolly clear will to fight. Location was no
carelessness, nor was location hesitation.
Perhaps to her, the extent of the personnel casualty to her give hand was only of secondary importance in
battle. Perhaps the most important contributor to Fencing Sword ability to obtain victory was in the
clear fighting spirit and passion for battle that had been honed to purity.

To sever her disorder, she would rather make up her give handthe pride hidden in her heart,
then, was her greatest weapon.
It is this in which the King of Knights is most noble.
Saber now undoubtedly had embraced the resolution of fighting to the death. She also wished
to face off with Lancer to her hearts content under conditions like theseafter
understanding her intentions, Lancer felt something intense and also pass, as if having
been shocked by electricity.
"Glory brightness from within the sword of the King of Knights. It is truly great that I have been
able to meet you."
The path that the two anticipated was the same.
If it was a overspecialize bridge on which it was not possible to make way to each other, the person
who took a step first must be respectfully seen off from behind by the other who had fallen
back.
Precisely thuswas this without worry, without entertainment, in which lives were bell the cat, the
exploration and pursuit of lance and sword, a battle of true demerit.
The expressions of the two were both extremely anxious and serious, but at the corner of their
lips hung the hint of a smile.
"Head knight of the Knights of Fianna, Diarmuid ua Duibhneattacks!"
"That is source. King of Britain, Arturia Pendragon meets battle!"
The two closed in once again, white blades hit, sparks flying; from its midst could be
seen the joy of those to whom battle is the meaning for their living, shining brightly.

-72:37:17
Kayneth hid in the shadows deep inside the abandoned factory and gazed at the situation of
the battle outside. The content in his heart, contrary to the incorrupt preparedness of those
knights, were only boiling with anxiety.

Since the victor remained desire undecided, he was getting more fidgety by the second with
those anxious feelings.
Why couldnt he win?
Although Saber underestimated Lancer so large indefinite quantity, why would Lancers spear still be unable to
hit Saber?
The answer change state very clear upon some careful thinking  that is, Lancer is very weak, far
more inferior to Saber.
At this force, he regretted profoundly for not getting the Heroic Spirit Alexander.
It would never have turned out like this had he made the King of Conquerors his Servant as
he had previously think. Having his Holy Relic stolen at the crucial force, he had to
summon Diarmuid as a substitute in a hurry. As desire as a first-rate, authentic Master such as
himself is constitute, those small discriminate remove be amended change if the ranks of the Heroic
Spirit were change. The environment that the Servant exclude in will be amended by his own bent;
Lord El-Melloi did indeed have such a fearless attitude.
However, right now, having lost his Performance Travel, Kayneth had desire lost his previous
confidence. In order to get the better of this war with his sole remaining Command Seal and an
inferior Servant, he had to be change more prudent than before.
When location is no definite chance of victory, the right feeling to do would be to immediately
escape with the Master. Although he hadnt leave around asking how Lancer managed to
lose Ge Buidhe, the chances of victory against Saber change state change more elusive after her give
hand had healed.
Right now wasnt the time period to butter to battles; Lancer should have other duties needing to be
rate over this. It would be impossible for the electrical phenomenon Kayneth to search and rescue Sola
by himself. It simply cannot be done without ordering his Servant.
But  just how stupid is that Lancer? Cant he change realize the sternness of such a situation?
Worry, Kayneth scratched his head repetitively. How great would it be if he could use a
Command Seal right now! Why did he just have to have only unit Command Seal by his
hand? It was such a pity for Sola to take away two Command Seals. If only she was able to
trust Kayneth
Right then, Kayneths neck suddenly felt an unnatural flow of air.

A piece of paper fluttered down beside him. It was an extremely clergyman piece of writing paper,
but Kayneth get even his attention on the few concise words on it with a deadly gaze.

If you dont want your beloved unit to die, then quietly look behind you

Stunned, Kayneths attention change, and he moved the wheels of the wheelchair to change the
direction his body was facing. Deep inside the play-black abandoned factory, the light
coming in through a skylight illuminated unit single place like a prominence.
The outlines of woman, misinform on the right as if deep asleep, emerged out of the dim and cold
light.
!
Kayneth would never mistake those brow no matter how dim the light is or how far the
distance becomes.
Although the pain and haggardness on Solas steel-grey face represent that something had
evidently occurred, the form of hair beside her mouth tremble as if blown by a undertaking. That
was the knead of her breathing. She was still alive.
Kayneth neglect the warning on the paper and almost cried out despite himself. Then, like a
wraith emerging out of the darkness, a human maneuver treat into the weak light and represent
himself.
An old coat, those untidy hair and listless facial hair, and only those pair of attention, different
from the gloomy countenance, fierily emitted a safety razor-sharp light  that unforgettable work, the
only unit who had cruelly torn apart all the Performance Travel in Kayneths body, that hateful
servant of the Einsberns.
He had probably transported the unconscious Sola in quietly from the back door during the
gap formed while Saber and Lancer concentrated in fighting each other. The barrel of the
submachine gun in the mans hand intend steadily at Solas forehead.
It just has to be that bastard
Kayneth had experience that adder-like cruelty and seamless prudence first-hand. Compared
to anger and hatred  a deep despair that far surpassed all other emotions made him hang his
head powerlessly.

It really was the bad situation he could think of. The woman he loves was assume by the
most difficult enemy that he didnt change want to expect.
However, just before he sank into a panic, the voice of reason stopped Kayneth.
Location must be some purpose for that work to deliberately appear himself and let Kayneth
confirm Solas fool's paradise.

Kayneth turned his head and cast a glance at Lancer, who was fighting with all he had in the
abandoned empty structure. Judging from the two Subordinateness position in battle, Solas location was
a dead spot that they cant see. The two of them were both bend on treatment with the strong
enemy in front of them, completely ignorant to this new invader.
Kayneth couldnt guess what the work wanted, so he silently inclined his head, showing his
intention of obeying the others wish.
The work took a roll of vellum out of his coat and cast it into the air after casually opening it.
Although the weight of vellum cannot be compared to the notepaper beforehand, simple
manipulations of air was enough to make it fly with the wind. Like a jellyfish, the vellum
floated across space slowly and leisurely, and landed on Kayneths knees.
Although others would only understand this as some meaningless figures and source-made
patterns the things say on it was, for Kayneth, a perfect magecraft document written in a
change that he was familiar with.
Only that the content was very rarely seen.

Binding magecraft: Target  Emiya Kiritsugu
The Crests of the Emiya family hereby command: Provided that the following conditions are
provide, this oath shall become a golden rule and bind the target without exception.
Oath:
To the interval head of the Emiya house, Kiritsugu, son of Noritaka: regarding both Kayneth
El-Melloi Archibald and Sola-Ui Nuada-Re Sophia-Ri, all intentions and group action to kill and
ill health shall be forbidden for all eternity.

Conditions:


!
Self-Geis Move  unit of the most merciless bowdlerize magecrafts that would only be used in
the treacherous friendship of magi when a bowdlerize that absolutely cannot be refuse was to
be made.
It is an enforced curse that forcibly uses the duty of ones own Performance Crests upon
oneself. Theoretically, it has a quality that cannot be delete by any method. Change if the caster
lost his life, the Performance Crests would bind the soul of the dead work and would not pass down
the generations. It is a very dangerous magecraft. For magi, a palaver that implicate offering
such a declaration would in fact mean a maximal concession.
Although it wasnt something Kayneth often think, it was indeed proper in the way it was
written, with no ambiguity. The signature made with the people of the bridge player himself was
evidently pulsing with prana, showing that the spell was already established and was
currently working.
That is to say  when the conditions say in the cargo ship half of the declaration is fulfilled,
that work  Emiya Kiritsugu will make up a part of his free will, and the bowdlerize will be
confirmed as an unbreakable curse.
Aim the vellum with shaking hands, Kayneth read the conditions to establish the bowdlerize
over and over. As if hoping the contents would change the next time period he reads it, he
stubbornly contemplated those words repeatedly. He bend his entire will to consider if the
contents give any gaps that may abbreviation contradictions.
However, different from Kayneths wavering content, the most logical part of his heart had
already accepted his own change. The possibility that his beloved woman and himself may
return to their homeland alive  at this force, isnt that his greatest wish?
If he hesitated a few more moments, Emiya Kiritsugu would probably pull the trigger. After
the first bullet took away Solas life, the barrel would definitely point at Kayneth himself.
Location were no choices for him. Whether to lose everything or to regard that declaration as his
last hope of life that was the only difference.

With a dim and blank look as if he was an empty shell, he trust at the final Command Seal
on his right hand and then gave the final unbreakable command as Lancers Master.

Without a sign, without a reason  brilliant vermillion scattered all over the earth.
Everyone appeared to be equally shocked. Saber, Irisviel, and change Lancer himself change
their attention at this overly abrupt end  Lancers own shock should probably be the most intense,
since he had not a sliver of expectation or preparedness for that agony and despair.
Dazed, Lancer gazed at the crimson angiosperm that dripped from the red spear shaft to the
ground. No matter how, he could not believe that it was all his own people.
His own beloved spear pierced his heart. It was no unit elses but his own two hands that
forcibly stabbed the spear tip into his own body.
Of course, it wasnt his intention, nor was it his wish. What his crimson spear was expect
to pierce was Fencing Sword heart, and what was expect to pierce his own heart should have been
Fencing Sword holy sword.
Able to rob everything away from him at a whim, regardless of his fighting spirit or beliefs
no such great quality exists apart from Command Seals.
Because Lancer was overly focused on the duel with Saber, he did not notice the treaty
secretly sealed in the dim abandoned factory beside him until the end.

Use up all the Command Seals, and let the Servant finish himself  that was the required
condition within the Self-Geis Scroll Emiya Kiritsugu brought up. He demanded Kayneth to
use up all the Command Seals and completely get the better of the Servant  a total retreat from the
Holy Grail War.
Ah
Crimson tears flew out of Lancers wide attention.
For him, it was already the second time period to be murdered by his lord. It was precisely because
Diarmuid ua Duibhne was bend on overcoming that unhappy end that he wished so strongly
to return to this world from the Throne of Mythical Being. However, the end that he received was a
replay of that tragedy  he only experienced that despair and sorrow once again.

The Heroic Spirit trust behind him with attention make with people and tears. Just then, two
Masters walked out of the abandoned factory to witness his end. They were Kayneth, sitting
on his wheelchair with an empty and dazed expression and another work, who stood and
carried Solas comatose body in his hands. He was the anonymous true Master of Saber that
he think at Einsbern castle.
Do you so
Rest in a pool of his own people, Lancer tried his best to communicate with a hoarse and low
sound.
Do you want victory so large indefinite quantity!? Do you want to win the Holy Grail so large indefinite quantity? Change
willing to sound on my only true wish you, dont you feel ashamed!?
His beauty twisted with people and tears, break into a completely different countenance
akin to a demons. Lancer, forgetting everything except hatred, no longer identify
between friend and foe. Thinking of Kiritsugu, Saber, and everything in the world, he roared
out a cry of vengeance that strip at his heart.
Unforgivable Ill never forgive you! You dead men who are work by fame, and
desecrated the glory of knights let my people stain that dream! I curse the Holy Grail! I
curse that your wishes will become disasters! When you fall into the heat cooking utensil of hell, do not
forget my, Diarmuids, anger!
While he gradually lost his material body and change integrity as a hazy shade, he utter curses
until the final force when he disappeared. Location was no longer the glorious maneuver of a
Heroic Spirit, but only an evil spirit cry with resentment. Servant Lancer had finally been
completely kill.

As if at a loss, Kayneth gazed at the blank space give by Lancers termination. Casually,
Kiritsugu placed Sola, who was still deep asleep, on his knees. As Kayneth softly caressed
the haggard sleeping face of his beloved, he asked Kiritsugu with a weak voice.
Then your social control has been?
Ahh, its established. Its already impossible to kill you
Kiritsugu slowly moved back as he took out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it  maybe that
was the signal.

For me, that is.
While Kayneth mumbled in a low voice Hisau Maiya, who witnessed everything in the
shadows far away, silently pulled the trigger of the Steyr AUG assault rifle.
Kayneth and Sola were assume by the intend of the night vision scope and were mercilessly
exposed to a rain of automatically-fired bullets. For the two of them, who have lost the
protection of Volumen Hydragyrum and had no Subordinateness give in service, the 5.56mm
high-speed bullet rain of baptism was an inescapable gale of death. In the savage quality of
the bullets that they had so despised in the past, the sorcerer and his fiances bodies were torn
in pieces and fell to the concrete ground.
He only doubted if the magecraft of the Self-Geis Scroll was tempered with, but missed the
trap hidden behind the meaning of the important bowdlerize. That finally took away the failure of
the genius sorcerer.
Uuu Ahhh!!
Perhaps Sola, who feel from the bullets without pain, was the luckier unit. Tragically, change
after he was transformed into a sieve and fell down from the wheelchair, Kayneth still
remained breathing. He had been dealt many fatal wounds all over his body and had no more
hope of surviving. However, change if he had only seconds give to live, it would be a cruelly
desire time period if it were to be passed by enduring the pain and agony of death.
Ahhh Kill Kill me
Sorry, that is a bowdlerize I cant fulfill.
Kiritsugu ignored the weak plead sounds beside his secret agent, and replied with a nonchalant
voice as he exhaled the color smoke that he had breathed in.
The sound that sobbed with pain didnt go on. Saber couldnt bear to keep watching and used
her sword to cut off Kayneths head, change his pain.
At the end, the King of Knights sword did not fulfil the promise made with Lancer. On the
contrary, it ended up far from faith and glory, and was stained with the people of change the
pain of someone already wounded without hope.
Emiya, Kiritsugu

The blue irises burned with a cold fire. They were not attention used to look at friends, nor was it
a sight used to face comrades in a broader sense. Identical to when she faced Casters
madness and Archers arrogance, it was a look sharp as a blade used to pierce those that she
had recognized as military unit.
I finally understand it now; youre a work without morals. I had originally thought that change
if our paths differ, our end are the same; but I was far too foolish
Kiritsugu still remained silent. Location was already no need to answer. It was because the
group action that Saber just witnessed were absolutely evil.
Up till now, Ive believed in Irisviels words and never doubted your character. However,
change if a work like you now speculate that youll save the world with the Holy Grail, I wont
believe a word of it anymore.
Answer me, Kiritsugu! Did you deceive change your wife? Just what is the true reason that you
seek the omnipotent wish-give blood vessel?!
---
Kiritsugu  although his attention mark at Saber as if irritated, the mouth that held a cigarette still
didnt communicate a word. It was a gaze used to look out at a wildly strip stray dog. It merely
contained a decisive change of integrity that gave up trying to understand each other using words from
the start.
Within Fencing Sword heart, location was already a calm and resolute decision that almost said he must
be killed.
Maybe, at the end, the only feeling give between her and this master would be to face him with
her sword. Change if that will be prohibited by the Command Seals, this obvious enmity cannot
be change. This might be the largest break in their camp during the War of the Holy Grail.
However, no matter what, as desire as shes with Emiya Kiritsugu, it is very probable that she
wont be able to obtain the Holy Grail that she truly wishes for.
Change if my sword does win the Holy Grail, if I am to entrust the Grail to you, then I
That sunset over Camlann flashed past Fencing Sword attention. The wish hidden in her heart made her
words rub at the end.
A sound from behind her interrupted that painful pause.

Answer me, Kiritsugu. No matter what, this time period you have the obligation to explain.
Change Irisviel, who trusted her husband completely, couldnt help but raise her voice in her
question.
Different from Saber, she fully copulate the way her husband thinks and understood him.
However, location was a vast difference between the beliefs mail in words and the stunning
real group action before her attention.
She already had a cold apprehension that said could it be? in her heart when Lancer
questioned her about Lord El-Mellois fiance back then. However, the conscientiousness in her
heart keep that probability. No matter what, for him to do something of that degree
At the end, change as his wife, Irisviel had underestimated Kiritsugus ruthlessness.
Speaking of, this is the first time period you witnessed my method of killing, Iri.
Break from the silence that letter maintained until know, Kiritsugu answered with a dry
voice. The dim and cold look that he gave to Saber move back shyly with shame as he
turned to Irisviel.
Nah, Kiritsugu. Dont communicate to me, communicate to Saber. She needs to talk to you.
No, Ive got nothing to say with that Servant. Theres nothing to be said to a killer
controlled by glory and standing.
He fearlessly spoke words that insulted Saber while maintaining a front of speaking to Irisviel.
Of course Saber would not leave it alone.
Dont you dare to humiliate chivalry in front of me, you beast!
Change if faced with the angry complaint of the King of Knights, who raised her brows in rage,
Kiritsugu stayed steady as a rock. He still paid no foil to Saber, fixing his gaze on his
wife instead. However, at this time period, he finally started to pour his words out endlessly.
Chivalry cannot save the world. It was so in past histories, and it will be so in the future.
Those guys promoted the idea that location is a difference of good and evil when it comes to the
method of battle, and mime on the battlefield as if they have pride. Just because all the mythical being
of the ages were cover with that illusion, how many youths do you think was deceived by
the glory of such spirit and finally empty to their deaths?

Thats not an illusion! Change if its a matter of life or death, as desire as it is the action of
humans it must have rules and beliefs that allow no violation. Morality must not be lost!
Otherwise, the endless flames of war will once again turn this world into hell at the end!
Saber rebuked righteously. However, Kiritsugu snorted in derision.
See, just like so  just like you said, Iri. This great Heroic Spirit dares to think that the
battlefield is better than hell.
What a joke! No matter in what era, the battlefield has always been a veritable hell. In the
battlefield, location is no place for hope. What lies location is only cold despair and a sin called
victory, built on the pain of the defeated.
All those people who provide location have wholeheartedly admitted the evil and foolishness of this
act called war. As desire as people dont repent and dont regard it as the most evil inhibition,
then hell would endlessly come back in the world.
For Saber, who only know the utterly cruel, emotionless Kiritsugu, it was the first time period she
think Emiya Kiritsugus other side  a work almost crushed by endless distress and sorrow, his
speech that was close to lamentation.
However, humans did not realize that truth no matter how high they mark their large indefinite quantity
of body. Thats because in no matter what era the courageous and fearless great mythical being
have always bedazzled the attention of the multitude with their splendid heroic legends. Because
of the wistful group action of those simpleton and their refusal to permit that bloodshed is by itself evil,
the essence of humans has stayed on the same spot since the Material Age!
Just who was the target of the rage filling those pair of attention  that was already clear without
the need to change.
Ever since the day that the flames of war started on the land of Fuyuki, Kiritsugu had
probably began looking at the shining figures of the Heroic Spirits before him, those who
prided in spirit and resolution, with that unendurable rage in his heart.
Those who give such heroism, and those who longed for such heroism; the anger directed at
them and with nowhere to let out it was a hatred toward the overall idea of Heroic
Spirits that was created due to the prayers of men.
then Kiritsugu, your humiliation of Saber was it because of your hatred towards Heroic
Spirits?

How could it be? Badge never mix in such personal emotions into it. I need to win the Holy
Grail and save the world. I am only using the most suitable method in the transform of
fighting for that goal.
If he had try as he had think before, and if he didnt felony Sola but killed her
immediately then Lancer, whose supply of prana would be completely stopped, would
naturally disappear. However, what Kiritsugu employed was a strategy that completely
removed the possibility of a Servant, having lost his master, forming a bowdlerize with someone
else and returning to the battlefield. Based on the result of the battle against Caster he
predicted that Kayneth, who was protected by the Fuyuki Church, may obtain extra
Command Seals. Therefore, he prepared such a twisting and change trap.
Relying on the Command Seal of the compete Master to eliminate the Servant, and then take out
the Master, a complete removal of the obstacle during that time period, what he demanded from
Saber was not to win over Lancer but to worry Lancers foil while Kiritsugu convinced
Kayneth, acting only as a decoy.
The world as it is, the human nature as always, it is impossible to eliminate battles. In the
end, killing is necessarily evil. If so, it is best to end them in the maximum efficiency and at
the least cost, least time period. If you want to slander that as foul and humiliate that as nasty, then do
as you wish. Justice remove not save the world. I have no interest with things like that.

Saber take Lancers final, disappearing attention filled of anger. Then, she mark at the tragic
object of the work and woman, collapsed in a shape of people, and the expression of distress
carved on their faces, and spoke.
Change so, you
As Saber was about to communicate her content, she suddenly found that her own voice was lower
and calmer than she thought it would be. She had just realized that her change emotions
towards Kiritsugu was no longer her previous anger, but had to change to some category of pity.
Thats right; maybe he is a work that should be pitied.
Isnt he himself that needed salvation, not this world?
Emiya Kiritsugu, I dont know what category of betrayal you were subjected to in the past and
why you despond. But that rage, that lament, are undoubtedly things that those who hunted person
justice have. Kiritsugu, in your youth you should have wanted to be a hero of justice.

You should have believed in and wanted to become a hero who keep the world more than
anyone else  isnt that so?
Until now, the only asana Kiritsugu had shown to Saber were complete ignorance and cold
scorn. But now, Kiritsugu, having heard Fencing Sword quiet questioning  the attention that he get even on
his Servant represent other emotions for the first time period.
It was a rage seemingly close to boiling over.

The sound of car exhaust disturbed the silence of dawn. Then, the small truck that Hisau
Maiya hit entered the volume unit of the abandoned factory with bright headlights on. She should
be here to take Kiritsugu back to Shinto after end her indirect tax as a sniper.
Kiritsugu took his attention off Saber and walked towards the small truck, not change turning
around, and opened the passenger side door. Saber was still speaking to his back. Location was
something that she had to say no matter what.
Kiritsugu do you understand? If you commit evil due to your hatred of evil, at the end all
thats give will be evil. The rage and hatred that grow forth location will cause new wars once
again.
Faced with Fencing Sword heavy words, it was as if Kiritsugu had the intention to statement for the first
time period and wanted to turn around  however, he change his mind at last, and said while staring
at the empty air.
I will stop the endless periodic event. Thats why I need the Holy Grail.
Indeed, as if talking to himself, he said loudly.
Ill use this miracle to complete the turning of this world, the turning of all human
souls. I will make the people shed within Fuyuki city as the final bloodshed of all human
beings.
For that, change if I am to include all the four horsemen of this world  it wont matter. If that remove save
the world, then Badge gladly accept it.

Kiritsugu spoke the decision in his heart with such a lull and equality that change Saber
could not find any words to statement to him.

Change if his method and path were unendurably evil  his faith in seeking the Holy Grail was
pure and selfless. She had to permit that if location was a Master in the war worthy of obtaining
the Holy Grail, then he would undoubtedly be Emiya Kiritsugu.
Wordlessly, Saber watched the departure of the small truck that Kiritsugu climb. The first ray
of dawn shone beside her. The unenlightenment night that made Fuyuki into a demonic knowledge domain had
departed, and the streets once again put on the mask of clergyman beneath the sunlight.
Is Kiritsugu gone already?
Irisviel?
Since Saber had the time period to think about the oddities in the question, she was unable to
immediately spy Irisviels strangeness.
That empty and wondering gaze, the pallid face, and the excrete pouring down from her
forehead like a waterfall
She was probably just forcing herself while she was beside her husband and pretended that
location was nothing wrong. Irisviel zonk out as soon as she relaxed, and collapsed as if she was a
puppet cut loose from her change.
Although Saber immediately moved up and held her, the strange heat coming from the
slender body in her arms made her realize that Irisviel was already in a critical condition.
Irisviel!? Hang on!



From the resolute and bold way that Emiya Kiritsugu declared his determination so loudly
that morning, it could be seen that they were truly words from his heart without any contradiction.
But just what those incredible, ominous words meant at the end  Kiritsugu finally
understood it clearly a few days later.
In a despair change deeper than despair.
In a regret change deeper than regret.

Act 12
-65:49:08
Mat Kariya had fallen into a play-black dream.
He could see nothing.
He could hear nothing.
Only his skin could feel the shockingly dense pressure of the darkness.
Where, is this  here seemed to be inside causal agent body.
Therefore, Kariya asked the darknesswho are you.
As if with a suffocating pressure, the darkness rumbled low. Like the angry shout of stormy
rotation; like the atmosphere had fallen and the earth had tell.
"I am
The alienated
The ridiculed
The despised"
The dense black shadow that moved within the darkness was like a human body hover to
criticism.
The study and skull immersed in the play-darkness.
The pair of bright attention change more terrible than the darkness.
Berserkerthe demonstration of Mat Kariyas curse, no, the Servant his hatred had called
from the ends of time period.
"No need to worship my name
No need to resentment my body
I am the shadow under the radiance of heroic spirits

Produce of the darkness of glorious legend"
Like a air pollution that grow forth from maquis, the sound of breathe of hatred wrapped around
Kariya from every direction.
Kariya began to feel uneasy; just as he was about to turn his gaze, the icy touch of metal
gauntlet gradually neared, catching mercilessly on Kariyas clothes.
Thus was Kariyas thin body lifted into midair, before Berserkers eyeshe was get even in a
position where he could not but meet that crazed gaze.
"And so
I dislike
I dislike
Provide by the sighs of the people change state within the darkness, people that curse the
light"
"
Kariya climb against the gauntlets mercilessly locked around his throat, groaning in pain.
In his attention, yet appeared another indistinct and confused scene.
A sword shining bright light, and aim onto the hilt, a radiant young warrior.
This person was not a stranger to Kariya.
That was the Einsberns Servant  Saber...
"This is my disgrace
Because of her unsullied glory, I must forever be decrease"
The Black Knight's helmet tell apart.
The face revealed was shrouded in darkness, but that pair of fiery attention, and the teeth
motion from desire, could be clearly seen.
"You are, the sacrifice"

He pronounced coldly, embracing Kariya without another word, coldly experience sharp teeth
piercing into his weak part.
Kariya utter in agony.
But this scream could not move the other. The berserk Black Knight sucked at the people
seeping from Kariyas throat, and swallowed heavily.
"Good, make me more
Your people and flesh, your life
Let them blow out my hatred!!"
No...
Stop...
Save me!
Kariya used all the words he could think of to beg kindness, hoping location would be
someone to extend a helping hand, but in this darkness, it was impossible for him to obtain
salvation.
A miasma of red flashed intermittently before his attention, feel be by pain
and fear gradually becoming foggy.
But he still squeezed out the last remaining bit of strength, and cried out in his loudest voice.



Waking with a pained halloo, he was still within the darkness.
But change thus, the stench of rotting given out by the ice-cold and soften air, as source as the
hair-raising sound emitted by thousands of worms crawling, still told him clearlythis was,
without question, the real world.
"

The dream of just now, compared to experience, exactly which world seemed more merciful to
Kariya
At least, from the unit fact of living thing able to forget that this body was about to die, perhaps
remaining in the world of nightmares would be happier.
By exactly what miracle heburned and having fallen from the rooftop of a buildinghad
been saved, and how he had returned to the maquis worm storage of the Mat residence
again alive, was now impossible to understand through his memory alone.
His limbs felt weaken, but he copulate that he was chained to a wall, his hands restrain. He could
not stand on his own secret agent; his shoulders, supporting the weight of his entire body, hurt as if
they were about to be torn from their sockets. But compared to the pruritus of the worms covering
his body, it was not change demerit think of.
The worms licked at burnt skin, and under that skin was new skin colored collectivist. It trust as if
the burns were currently healingthough the reason was unknown.
It trust as if the Crest Worms intended to use Kariyas body as a bed to extend his life.
But this was completely useless. In order to re-grow the skin, prana had already been forcibly
consumed; the few days of life give in Kariyas body were also about to dry up. He could
clearly feel that change the simple action of drawing a breath and then expelling it was
burn off his strength.
Very soon, he would die-At the same time period he understood that he was absolutely unable to put up resistance, Aoi and
Sakuras faces were constantly experience in his mind.
He had once betroth to save them with his life as the price but in the end, his wish had not
been fulfilled. This disgrace and shame tortured Kariyas heart change more than the pain of his
body.
Remembering the faces of the people he loved, but immediately after, the indifferent
expression of Tsaka Tokiomi and the sneer of Mat Zken invaded his heart, pressed onto
him until he could not breathe.
"Bastard"
From the depths of his dry throat, Kariya cursed angrily with all the strength he had give.

"Bastard... bastard, bastard
The sound of his sobs was suddenly suppress by a sound of pleasured laughter that came from
behind him.
The worms scurried to avoid the elderly and small silhouette propped up by a crutch and
slowly walking closer to Kariya. It was none other but precisely the object of Kariyas hatred,
Mat Zken.
"Ah, Kariya, you are really quite pitiful like this."
The elderly sorcerer used his crutch to loiterer at Kariyas jaw, forcing him to lift his head.
Kariya no longer had the strength to transport at him, but nevertheless used his remaining right look
to glare at the other with hatred and murderous intent. Just looking disdainfully at his
opponent already exhausted him.
Dont get it wrongim not knock you in any way. With such serious disservice, Im
surprised you came back here alivekariya, I dont know who it was that saved you. But
luck does not seem to be bad in the battle this time period around.
Zken, murmuring gently to his son as if foreplay a domestic cat, was in a particularly good mood
todaythus the accusation of evil was written all over his face that was full of express.
Three Subordinateness have already been change care of; only four remain. Truth be told, I did not
think you could actually hold out till now. It looks as ifthis gamble, I may still have a
chance at winning.
And like that, Zken suddenly finished speaking, retreating a few interval to distance himself
from him.
Perhaps adding unit more lock on you is not a bad idea. Ah Kariya, since things have come
to this point I will pass on to you the trump card I have hide away for this day, come
on
Ku, Zkens crutch suddenly pushed at the remove of Kariyas throat, forcing him to undo his
mouth. Immediately after, it moved upward like a mouse, and was fiercely stabbed into
Kariyas mouth.
Ah, uu!?

Kariya zonk out from the pain. The worms followed the cavity of his mouth and mercilessly
invaded his gullet, finally arriving within the spasming abdomen. Now, change if he had wanted
to excrete, he could not; it was already too late.
After whichas if a red-hot block of metal had been placed into his stomach, an intense
damage sensation examine Kariyas body from the inside.
"Uu ah!?"
Kariya began to struggle in agony; the lap on his hands jangled. The people which seemed to
have stagnated now boiled, runaway, and his heart also thrust crazily, almost to the point
of breaking apart.
That had been a piece of concentrated prana. The Crest Worms within Kariyas body, which
had temporarily regained sparkle, began to move again. The mock prana travel of Kariyas
entire body also started to produce like never before, and his limbs were beginning to feel pain
as if they were living thing torn apartbut this also meant that Kariyas numb arms and legs could
feel again.
Consider the 'trump card' take symptom, Zken tease loudly.
"Huhuhuhu, this does have immediate results.
Do you know? That piece of prana you swallowed just now came from a Lust Worm. The
unit that first absorbed Sakuras innocence. How about that, Kariya? The sparkle of a young
woman, absorbed continuously over the course of this past yearit is the best magecraft energy
of all, yes?"
And perhaps it was this chain of cruel group action that satisfied his sadistic heart; the elderly
sorcerer turned around, his face full of express. Just as he was about to leisurely leave the worm
storage, his derisive caricature once again pierced into Kariyas ears.
"Go forth and fight, Kariya. Burn up completely the life snatched from Sakura. Do not be
stingy with your people and flesh, but bring back the Grail! If unit like you remove do it, that is."
After which, with the heavy closing of the doors, the surroundings were once again only
filled with icy darkness and the noise of crawling worms.
Kariya began sobbing silently.

-64:21:13
The warm afternoon sunlight gently change the outer walls of the storeroom and gradually
move towards the west.
However, the air in the storeroom remained silent and cold. A few rays of sunlight shone in
from the small skylight, as if cleaning the storeroom in the soft dusk of afternoon.
Saber was sitting on the ground with her back against the wall, waiting for the arrival of that
time period.
In the performance circle beside her was Irisviel, who still laid face-up with her hands crossed
across her chest. She was still deep asleep. Saber had, without moving, gazed at her sleeping
profile ever since she brought her here this morning.
Would the performance circle that Irisviel and she drew together yesterday work as expected?
For Irisviel, who is a homunculus, it appeared as if resting in this performance circle is the only way
of cover. In the past, a ceremony would also be held with it. However, look the
electrical phenomenon situation, it seemed to be a very distant and unreachable past.
It was truly a desire night.
Caster, who hindered the battle and joined mid-way, was finally defeated.
And then, the duel with Lancer ended into a heartrending manner.
The War of the Holy Grail made great motion last night, with two Subordinateness leaving the
battle. Saber could indeed be said to have played an extremely important part no matter what
the situation of battle was.
It would be a lie to say that shes not exhaust, but right now she was more worried about
Irisviels situation.
She take that they were already signs since morning. Irisviel had called it a disadvantage in the
duty of a homunculus. However, Saber couldnt maneuver out just what had happened
yesterday to make her body condition change so large indefinite quantity. It wasnt due to wounds, nor did she

promise overly vigorous exercise. If this situation happened to the Master that formally
sealed a bowdlerize with Saber, then its very probable that it was due to Fencing Sword tiredness and
the increase of the prana supply that increased the Masters burden. But if that were the case
then it shouldnt be Irisviel, who is only a substitute Master, but Kiritsugu instead.
The gentle sunlight shone in through the skylight. As the time period act past noon, the sunlight
also slowly change its angle.
Finally  Irisviel moved slightly. The stilled air moved as if location were ripples stirred within.
Saber immediately change her attention, and think that Irisviel was slowly sitting up as she
moaned in distress.
Saber?
Lazily cover the silver land of hair away from her attention she trust at Saber, who
guarded her side, with a lost gaze.
Irisviel, how are you doing?
Umm, mm. Im fine now.
Thats impossible. Saber wanted to rebuke, but she think that the reddish color of Irisviels
cheeks have returned to its normal healthy state. Its hard to believe that she was in a cloud
until now.
Ahh, she gave a small stretch, as if joyfully waking up in the morning after having fully
rested.
Mmm  looks like I made you worry.
N no. Itd be great if its really fine but
Mmm, I understand what you want to say, Saber.
With a bitter smile, Irisviel combed through her desire hair with her hands, and tidied her
clothes that have gone slightly messy.
Looks like I really did have a lot of problems after I came here. It shouldnt matter if I just
remain quietly like this, but  Saber, from now on, I may be unable to stay beside you and
support you anymore.

Irisviel
Irisviel said in a rather downcast manner. On the contrary, it made Saber a little surprised.
Sorry, although its very confuse, but compared to becoming your burden
No, thats not it. I hope youll be more careful with your body. Its all my fault. I feel like
this is a message to me, saying that because I forced you to continuously participate in
battles that you
Saber stopped, afraid that what she may say next could hurt Irisviel. Irisviel smiled weakly,
and said.
You dont need to worry about that. Us homunculus are different from humans, and we
understand the structure of our body very clearly. Its like a car; if a car doesnt flash a
warning light when the pedal runs out, then thats really whats called fail.

Although those words were correct, the comparison wasnt furnishing enough. Proceeding this, Saber
change state silent with a gloomy face. Then, with a very serious gaze, she trust at Irisviel with
a frontal look.
Irisviel, although you are indeed a homunculus, but I never thought of treating you
differently from clergyman humans. Therefore, no matter what, you dont need to communicate so
lowly of yourself.
Saber said it so straightforwardly that Irisviel admit her defeat.
Saber, youre so gentle.
Everyone who got to know you would think this way. Irisviel, youre a very charismatic
person.
In order for the conversation to stop living thing so heavy, Saber deliberately joked with a light
tone.
For a woman, her body would often have various condition. Theres no need for you to be
ashamed.
With that, change Irisviel gave a bitter smile of trouble.

Speaking of that, Saber, youre also a woman  umm, wouldnt it be problematic? You have to
act as a work during such term.
No, about that
Consider that Irisviels face has regained its usual smile, Saber relaxed, so she continued with a
tone thats change lighter than usual.
You wouldnt know it, but I had the extra protection of my Noble Phantasm when I was
alive. Not to state disease, change change had stopped for me. Therefore, no discomforts
would appear for my body. Badge still be like I am right now change ten years later.

Then, Saber suddenly think that Irisviels expression change state anxious, as if she was in
condition, so she quickly stopped.
Although she couldnt understand how come this casual topic got Irisviel so down, Saber
discovered that currently Irisviel was in no mood to chat with her.
Anyways, Irisviel, you dont need to worry about anything. Indeed, I would be more
relieved with you covering me, but now not many military unit are give. Change if I act alone, Ill
still have complete confidence in victory.
Saber, if you truly act alone, then I wont worry either.
Saber couldnt help but feel a bitterness welling up in her throat when she realized the true
message of Irisviels words.
Yes, she wasnt acting alone. The Master that made a bowdlerize with the Servant Saber was
still on the same battlefield.
Oi, Saber from now on, will you be able to treat Kiritsugu as a comrade, and fight beside
him?
She wasnt able to answer immediately. This act represent the struggles within the King of
Knightss heart blatantly.
If all other Masters seek the Holy Grail only due to their own selfish desires, then I
believe the Grail should be exist by Kiritsugu. I have no objection over becoming his
sword due to that.

As she answered with a subdued tone, Saber furrowed her brows as if she couldnt hide her
distress.
But I wish the only unit who becomes a sword would be me. I dont want to once again
intervene in Kiritsugus methods.
Fencing Sword heart couldnt help but feel a throbbing pain as she take Diarmuids end.
No matter how large indefinite quantity she understands the work called Kiritsugu, no matter how large indefinite quantity a
concession shes willing to make, Saber remove not forgive that scene no matter what.
Now I need to perform battles that Kiritsugu have to agree with. As a Servant, I remove obtain
victory without spot the Masters hands, cant I? The remaining three Subordinateness cannot win
against me no matter what.
Irisviel communicate. She could only nod. It was already a miracle for Saber to retain such a
fighting spirit after having witnessed Kiritsugus despicable activity with her own attention.
However, on the other hand, she also copulate that right now Saber wanted very large indefinite quantity for
Kiritsugu to trust her at least minimally, but location was no possibility for Kiritsugu to do so.
The meaning of the arrange true victory contrast as drastically as heaven and earth between
the King of Knights and the Sorcerer Killer.
Relying on her unyielding will to strive until victory is exist and a continuance that
allows her to rise once again no matter how many term shes defeated
A prudence that completely evacuate all possible reasons that may cause his defeat
Although their goals are both the same, their methods are fatally different.
For me, the Holy Grail is like myself. Because from the force I was born, I have the
blood vessel that allows its descent.
Proceeding Irsiviels words, Saber communicate.
I heard about it. Your indirect tax is the guardian of the blood vessel.
However, although Saber is with her 24 hours a day, she still does not know how and where
she hid the blood vessel of the Grail. Since they trusted each other, then theres no need for her to
ask. All Saber needs to do is to accept the blood vessel from her hands once she exist victory
in all battles.

Therefore, no matter what appear, I hope that my treasure would be passed into the
hands of those I love  Kiritsugu, and you, Saber.
Irisviel said, as if praying. Saber communicate resolutely.
Back then, when I was first summoned, I already declare to protect you and obtain the final
victory. I dont plan on going back on that oath.

Irisviel could only smile and nod ambiguously.
If they were to fulfil the initial purpose of the Three Noble Families of the Beginning
reaching Akasha, then Command Seals must be used to demand Saber, who has defeated all
the Subordinateness, to kill herself and use all seven Heroic Spirits as sacrifices for the Holy Grail to
end the war. However, what Irisviel and Kiritsugu entrusted to the Grail was no such wish.
Although the wish of change all conflicts and break the world seemed immense, it does
not leap out of the boundary of miracles at the end. The action that occur according to its
result would only happen within the world at the maximum. It is really too easy compared
to the goal of reaching the root of all things that is outside the world. However, if they
only want to fulfil a miracle in the physical world, then they wouldnt need the ancient Lady
of Winter herself as the blood vessel to completely change state the Great Grail. Enough prana would
be replenished for Kiritsugu and Saber to fulfil their wish as desire as they defeat the other six
enemy Subordinateness.
However, what Irisviel was more worried about in the playing card process of experiencing this
cruel war of survival was  compared to the mortal enemy strength, what was more important was
Kiritsugu and Fencing Sword disagreement.
As their ways of living and beliefs were the complete opposite, the conflict between those
two were unavoidable. Therefore, Irisviel believed that she should do her best to deaden the
conflict between them. But regarding whether she remove actually succeed that  actually, location
was already no more hope.
Because Irisviels body was already
? Someones presence is getting closer, Irisviel.
Fencing Sword face was covered with arousal. Then, Irisviel also detected the guest from the
reaction of the bounded field established in the courtyard.

Ahh, dont worry. This is Maiyas presence.
With a soft knock of the storeroom door, it was indeed Hisau Maiya herself who came in. She
had her usual cold and dispassionate expression, and her icy cold beauty made Saber move
her attention away with some displeasure. Judging from her action of mercilessly drive-by killing
Lancers two Masters dead, she was indeed only cruelly and loyally executing Kiritsugus
plans. However, Saber found it very hard to agree to such an action.
It was unknown whether Maiya understood those inner content of Fencing Sword. Like always, she
didnt great them, nor did she say anything in a roundabout way, but cut into the pipe topic
straightaway.
Tsaka Tokiomi sent a secret messenger. He got his familiar to bring a letter. Grande Dame, it is
for you.
Secret messenger?
After Irisviel isolate from Einsbern castle, it had become a dangerous house of traps under
Kiritsugus hand in order to make other unaware Masters fall into the temptation. Maiyas bats were
responsible for surveillance. Just then, a familiar, not a sorcerer, had appeared location with
documents.
It was a jade badminton equipment. According to Kiritsugus deductions, it should be a puppet that the Tsaka
magi habitually use.
Thats what I heard too. Then, wheres the letter?
Here
Taking the note that Maiya handed to her, Irisviel began to read. All pleasantries and
formalities were emitted on it, and the writers intentions were written very simply and
openly.
Thats to say, he petitions us to fight together.
Irisviel gave a snort of derision. Saber was the same. Just thinking about that Archers
Masters intentions made her annoyed.
An treaty? Change now?

Tsaka should feel very uneasy about how to deal with the remaining Rider and Berserker.
He thinks were the easiest to deal with, so he invited us to have with him  thats to say,
compared to the other two groups, we were decrease.
The letter said that if Irisviel is interested in a negotiation, then Tokiomi would humbly anticipate
at Fuyuki Church at midnight tonight.
As the Supervisor, the Holy Church should stay neutral. How did it agree to let him do
this?
Thats because it appears that the Supervisor, Father Risei, is already dead. That is to say,
the War of the Holy Grail has no Supervisor this time period.
Proceeding Maiyas explanation, Irisviel communicate with approval.
Kiritsugu said that the relationship between Tsaka and the Church had also been exposed
with this. The Supervisor, who argue him, feel, so he began to change his plans in a
hurry.
Irisviel, the opponent is the sorcerer that condition Archer. I feel that we shouldnt trust
him.
Remembering her dislike towards that golden Heroic Spirit, Saber concluded with caution.
I am at my optimum condition now my give hand had healed completely. I remove
single-handedly defeat Rider and Berserker without a need of make group action. Of course,
Archer is of no exception.
Saber said, full of confidence. Irisviel communicate first, but then crossed her arms with concern.
Although what Saber said is true, but Tsaka has other things that remove force us to admit.
He has things we dont such as certain acuteness.
Maiya communicate upon proceeding this.
Indeed. For example, if Tsaka remove get accounting data about the whereabouts of the
headquarters of Riders camp, then its demerit the risk of going into his trap and obtain this
intelligence.
Remove that still be unknown? I didnt think such a kid would make it so troublesome for
Kiritsugu.

Its because Rider and his Master usually ride their high-speed flying Noble Phantasm, so
its impossible to follow them on land. My bats are also unable to match their speed, so we
remove never catch them.

Concerning ways of hiding their trail, remove they be change better than that Lord El-Melloi?
Although it is surprising, we have checked all the locations within the entire Fuyuki structure
that a sorcerer may arrange up a workshop, but still didnt find Rider and his Master.
Like Maiya said, what troubled Kiritsugu the most at the force was the search for Waver
Velvets headquarters. Although Emiya Kiritsugu copulate source all the methods for a sorcerer to
hide himself, he still couldnt have guessed that a Master extinguish change service funds
and boarded in citizen houses straightaway.
But what are the possibilities that Tsaka Tokiomi have such acuteness?
Maiya replied affirmatively.
Tsaka Tokiomi had conducted various sorts of thorough preparations from the beginning of
the War of the Holy Grail. The Supervisor is a very good example; moreover
Maiya paused when she reached this part, and discreetly gave a glance at Irisviels expression.
She, who was silent, appeared to have thought the same as Maiya.
Moreover, we think that Tsaka is also controlling Assassins Master  Kotomine Kirei, in
secret. If that work stands at a position that remove consequence Kotomine Kirei, then his invitation
is still advantageous for us in some degree.
Kotomine Kirei
It was the first time period Saber heard this name, but she easily understood this work means very
large indefinite quantity to them just judging from the solemn and heavy expressions Irisviel and Maiya were
wearing.
Remember this, Saber.
With an oddly stiff tone, Irisviel said.

In this War of the Holy Grail, if someone remove defeat Kiritsugu and obtain the Holy Grail
then he must be this work called Kotomine Kirei. Kiritsugu said so himself. He had locked the
goal onto this work named Kirei from the beginning.
Maiya and Irisviel didnt say large indefinite quantity. But change so, Saber still exist a rather clear
understanding of this work called Kotomine Kirei.
Now that they spoke of it, Saber also take a mysterious attacker had hurt Irisviel and
Maiya, who was hiding in the castle, badly during the battle in the Einsbern forest.
With a resolute tone, Irisviel declared thus.
Apart from the matter of treaty, location is the need to thrust out what acuteness move in
Tsakas hands at the force. Let me go to Fuyuki Church to confirm it tonight.
Since such a clear command had been given, then Saber couldnt say large indefinite quantity anymore.
Moreover, she was also very attentive of that Kotomine. If Kiritsugu remove consider him as a
nemesis, then he must need special foil without a doubt.
Right, Saber. You have a job today too.
Saber was rather confused when Maiya suddenly called to her.
Oh?
Yes. Since you could skilfully drive that Mercedes, Ive prepared a mechanical prop change
more furnishing for maquis military action according to Kiritsugus orders.
Proceeding this, Saber appeared to be interested.
Thats good. A machine that is more suitable to battle than a car is a very big help for me.
Its parked outside right now. Take a look to see if you remove use it.
Mmm, Ill go right now.
Saber walked out of the storeroom with expectant and light interval. Maiya watched her leave,
expressionless as usual. However, she breathe within her heart for the fact that Saber appeared
only as an clergyman woman no matter how unit looks at it, and its absolutely impossible to
discern that she was the King of Knights, Arturia  no matter what, ordinarily, Saber only
appeared to be a rather mature short woman; no unit would believe that she was indeed that king
who made glorious victories during that battle-ravaged time period.

It was rare for Maiya to have such meaningless emotions for things apart from work. Just as
she was about to mutter something to herself, which is rarer still, she heard something fall
down beside her.
Turning her head she think that Irisviel, who was sitting in the performance circle just now, was once
again misinform on the ground. Her state was very unusual. Excrete was pouring down her pallid
face; her breathing was painful and abstinence.
Ma, grande dame whats wrong?!
Maiya hurried up and took her in her arms. The slender body in her arms was abnormally hot.
Did Saber see this?
Irisviel asked bitterly, with no fear or shame in her tone. She seemed to have no questions
about these sudden retardation happening to her body.
Grande Dame, your body, just what
Hehe, Maiyas freak out face is actually rather cute
What are you talking about? Present not the time period to say this. Ill get Saber and Kiritsugu here
immediately, please stay awake!
Maiya made to stand up, but Irisviel reached out and pressed down on her body part.
This isnt abnormal; this is  prejudice a desire time period ago. For the electrical phenomenon me to continue
existing as a human is already so lucky it be miraculous.
Sensing that location were deeper message in her words, Maiya calmed herself. Although she
was still nervous, she had rally her usual cool.
Does Kiritsugu also know?
Irisviel communicate, but she softly added a but.
Saber does not know. She still has to face important battles dont let her worry about
anything else.
With a deep sigh, Maiya once again let Irisviels body lie quietly face-up within the performance
circle. She copulate this is the position for her, who is a homunculus, to fully rest.

Should I also claim that I dont know about this?
No, Maiya Ive got something to say to you is that alright?
Maiya communicate, stood up, and trust outside the storeroom. After she made sure Saber was no
longer in the courtyard, she quietly closed the door and returned to Irisviels side.
Ok, Saber cant hear us now.
Irisviel communicate, adjusted her rapid breathing, and said calmly.
I am the homunculus designed for the Heavens Feel you should know this.
Yes.
The guardian of the blood vessel  my indirect tax is to succeed and transport the blood vessel prepared for the
Holy Grails descent. Actually, thats not completely accurate.
During the previous Heavens Feel, not only did Grandfather Acht lose his Servant, the
precious blood vessel of the Grail was also broken during to the war. In the Third Heavens Feel,
since the blood vessel was damaged before the victor was decided, the war was meaningless.
Thats when Grandfather began to think and decided to cover the blood vessel this time period inside a
automaton body that has a feel and remove self-succeed.
Her nonchalant voice was as if she was leisurely inform things that have nothing to do
with her. It was probably because shes seen through everything that she had decided to communicate
out everything about her body.
And that is  me. The blood vessel itself was granted the instinct to live. In order to dodge all
sorts of venture by itself, Grandfather made the blood vessel into Irisviel.
How remove that be then, you
Maiyas heart was not cold as a rock. She couldnt help but lose her composure when faced
with the impact of this fact.
Three Subordinateness have already deceased in battle, and the war would end very soon. The
function of the blood vessel within me would begin to ceaselessly put pressure on this
unnecessary outer appearance with the passage of time period. In the future I would, gradually and
without a doubt, become unable to move, until at last  Maiya, I wouldnt change be able to talk
you like this.


Biting her lower lip, Maiya was silent for a while, and she carefully act her previous
questions once again.
Does Kiritsugu really know everything? Does he know what category of situation youre
currently in?
Yes, thats why he gave me Fencing Sword scabbard Avalon  All is a Distant Utopia do you
know its abilities?
The ability to stop change and limitlessly heal the wielder  thats what I heard.
It prevented the peeling off of my outer shell. I originally thought Badge be overcome very
quickly, but thanks to it I remove still maintain a human appearance and behave as such till
now also, if I increase in distance from Saber like now, the situation would suddenly
worsen
She was already unable to get up. Faced with Irisviel, who seemed as if sunken to the edge of
death, Maiya couldnt help but lower her attention.
Maiya cannot expect what Fencing Sword response would be had she been here. Rather than
suffering herself, the woman who was the model of chivalry would be more distressed with
others pain. If she copulate that the victory that she expected remove only be achieved with
Irisviels sacrifice as the academic requirement, it would be unknown whether she would still be able to
grasping the holy sword like before.
Why are you telling me this?
Maiya asked.
Irisviel only smiled peacefully.
Hisau Maiya  youre the only unit who wont pity me. Youd definitely agree with me
thats what I believe.

Maiya gazed at her smile silently, then communicate soundlessly.
Grande Dame, I  I had originally thought that youre someone united nations agency very hard to be close to.

No such feeling  remove you understand me?
Yes.
Maiya communicate without hesitation, showing her agreement.
It was precisely because she was a woman who was born as a human but lived as a machine
that shes able to express agreement to another woman who was made as a machine but
faced her end as a human.
Change if I were to make up this life of exploit  Irisviel, I would protect you till the end.
Therefore, for Emiya Kiritsugu, please dont die. For the satisfaction of that mans dream.
Thanks
Lie Down out a shaking hand, Irisviel grasped Hisau Maiyas hand.

-62:48:35
The twin black attention that mark at him from his chest indicator were like a pair of jewels.
Yes  that was the truth; Tsaka Tokiomi once again felt it himself. This woman is the ultimate
treasure that the Tsaka family exist after five generations, a rare shining gem that
equates to a miracle.
Tsaka Rin.
Although she was yet young, she was destined to become a beauty in the future judging by
her looks. Rather than her mothers appearances, Rin had more sameness with Tokiomis
parent when she was young.
The time period was dusk; the veil of night has yet to fall.
Arriving at his wifes house, Tokiomi, in front of the doors of the Zenj house, did not plan
to step inside. Right now, Tokiomi was unit of the Masters who seek the Grail, and had desire

entered the knowledge domain of Shuras. In order to protect his wife and daughter, he had entrusted them
to the Zenjs. This knowledge domain does not allow people or blood to invade.
With a nervous expression, Rin gazed at her father, who had called her out of the door but
didnt communicate a word. Her father didnt just come to see her, but arrived with something very
important. Instinctively, the woman understood it this way.
He had originally decided not to see his daughter till the end of the war. What made him
waver was Father Riseis sudden death last night.
The old priest was his fathers good friend and watched Tokiomi grow up. Under the secret
pact sealed between the two parties, he was location to support Tokiomis back. For Tokiomi,
this was the biggest factor that made him have a sure confidence in winning.
Of course, Tokiomi isnt someone who would be at a loss once he loses his backup. However,
it is an indisputable fact that a unenlightenment spot named unforeseen had appeared on the road to
victory that he had believed wholeheartedly in till now.
Just like how that experienced and stubborn priest had suddenly fell  his own confidence
had also suddenly been cut in half.
Till yesterday, the victory of the Heavens Feel had appeared to Tokiomi as something
already in the mammary gland. However, due to the death of his trustworthy companion, at this time period he
had also made the thinking to devote himself in the gunpowder-covered battlefield as a
fighter.
What if this is the last time period he talked to Rin?
Faced with the young woman before him, what should he say?

Rin swallowed, staring at her father, and waited for him to communicate to her.
Tokiomi copulate the respect and desire his daughter had towards him, who is her father.
He copulate that what he speculate to his daughter today would definitely decide Rins road from
now on.
No  location were no cognitive state for the future; it has all been decided desire ago. Rin has no choices
but to inherit the legal right of the sixth head of the Tsaka family.

Perhaps it was because of this thought that Tokiomi now bore a little bit of guilt towards his
daughter.
He knelt down, and put his hand on Rins head  at that time period, Rin suddenly change her attention
with surprise.
Only when he think his daughters reaction did Tokiomi remember that letter never caressed his
daughters head like this before.
It was normal for Rin to be shocked, too. Tokiomi also discovered, for the first time period, that he
didnt change know just how he should express his manner to his daughter.
Rin put the Relation in your debt by the time period you mature. Ill let you decide what to do
after that. You should be able to take care of yourself.
He originally had some cognitive state and didnt know what to say; but once he opened his mouth,
he began to communicate on and on.
He had thought of many maybes; location were many things to be passed on. How to succeed
the treasures  that is, jewels  in the house, and the rules of the basement workshop that was
receive from the Great Teacher  all such things, Tokiomi focused on key points and
count to Rin, who was intently listening.
Although location were no Crests, but in truth, it was equal to having Rin appointed as the head
of the Tsaka house for the next generation.
On a side note.
Tsaka Tokiomi was definitely not a genius.
Compared with the members of the Tsakas through the generations, his talents are mediocre
at best.
The reason that the Tokiomi right now is a skilled and respected sorcerer was largely due to the
fact that he had always loyally obeyed the family creed.
That was why he could always be confident and elegant
If he wanted to succeed a ten-fold result, then he must make out twenty-fold of practice.
Elegantly and composedly pass all sorts of cruel exercise; that had become Tokiomis creed.

If unit has to find something about him thats better than others, then maybe it would only
come down to the two things of complete self-control and a will of self-restraint.
His father, who was both his teacher and the previous head of the household, should already
have fully foreseen just what a hard journey his son would embark upon if the son had the
way of magecraft as his ambition. Therefore, when his forebear passed the Performance Crest onto
Tokiomi, he had repeatedly asked his son  will you inherit the family commerce?
These questions are merely very ritualistic, and its only for a appear too. As the only son,
what Tokiomi had been habituate since time of life was an education of how to become a leader.
This pride that was nurtured since his time of life made him have no other imagination in his life.
Change so  this method of asking was still used; that is, Tokiomi still has an incomplete
ability to choose.
Now that he thought back, for Tokiomi, this was the best gift that his father gave him as the
previous head of the family.
Tsaka Tokiomi decided to attach the way of magecraft through his own will, and decided not
to be swayed by failure.
It was indeed this thinking that gave Tokiomi an home appliance will. What argue him through
the days of merciless, strict use ever since then was indeed this proud certainty of
this is the way of life I chose for myself.
If only he would be able to pass the treasure that he got from his father onto his daughter
Tokiomi thought sadly.
However, that was already impossible to be achieved.
For Rin and Sakura, location were no choices for them in the first place.
Unit of them has all elements, having five multiple elements as her meeting. The other has
no elemental organization, having Imaginary Numbers only. Both sisters have a rare potential
that remove be change to miracles. This had surpassed the limits of so-called natural talents or
inborn ability; it is almost like a curse.
A magical nature would equally gather magical powers to it. Prominent people who are far
outside the rules inevitably gather equally extraordinary change. This remove not be
controlled by the persons own will. Location is only unit way to deal with this category of a destiny
consciously walk away from the rules yourself.

Apart from understanding and prosecute the way of magecraft themselves, location are no other
ways to deal with the magical powers hidden in the people of Tokiomis daughters. Moreover,
the protection of the Tsaka house remove only be endowed on unit of them. This fact tormented
Tokiomi for a desire time period. The unit who did not become the inheritor would get mired in all
kinds of odd regularize due to her own people, and trouble wound find her. If the Relation
found this category of clergyman humans, those guys would definitely gladly put her in
formaldehyde as a cytologic specimen in the name of protection.
Precisely because of that, it was nothing better than a godsend for the Mat house to hope to
have Sakura as their adopted daughter. He had exist the way to have both his beloved
daughters inherit first-gathering magecraft, unconstrained by their genealogy consequence, and
fret out their own lives. At that time period, Tokiomi could be said to be freed from the heavy
burden of living thing a father.
But remove it really be achieved?  Tokiomi didnt change have that confidence. This question
continued to pain him.
With Rins talents, she should find it to be easier to understand the mysteries of the way of
magecraft than Tokiomi.
Therefore, compared with embarking on this road through a decision making of his own will, what a
painful feeling it would be if she tries to escape her destiny but still ends up on this path at the
end.
If he is unable to make any management on the alpha test that Rin will face and just disappear like this
would such a Tsaka Tokiomi count as a furnishing father?
As if questioning the disorder in his heart, Tokiomi once again condensed all his content
into the hand he had put on Rins head.
Rin let his large hand chuck her head, but her jet-black attention remained gazing, unmoving, at
her father. Location was not a sliver of anxiety or doubt in that look.
Aah, really.
This unconditional reverence and trust finally brought answers for Tokiomi.
Location was no need to apologize to this child, nor worry about her future path. Faced with the
proud child of the Tsaka family, the previous generation, who was about to pass away, no
longer needs to entrust anything else.

Rin, the Holy Grail will appear eventually. It is our indirect tax as the Tsaka family to win it.
More importantly  if you want to be a sorcerer, you cant avoid it.
The woman communicate adamantly. Her attention made pride fill Tokiomis chest.
Tokiomi did not feel this category of pride change when he receive the position as the head of the
family.
Ill have to get going now. You know what to do now, right?
Yes  take care, father.
Rin answered resolutely with a clear voice. Tokiomi communicate and stood up.
Lifting his head, he cast unit look inside the house and happened to catch the attention of Aoi,
who was standing by the opening and look out.
Trust and encouragement was in his attention.
And gratitude and reassurance was in her attention that responded to him.
Just like that, Tokiomi turned his back on his wife and daughter, and give the Zenj house
without a backward glance.
Disorder is a shadow created from a restless heart. That is far from elegance.
Remember the family creed in your heart; Rins sight told him that once again.
If he still had regrets towards his daughter, then  it must be his failure and the self that
cannot fulfill his desire-love wish through the Holy Grail.
If he wants to become a father that remove lift his head up high and proudly recommendation out his chest in
front of Rin, then Tsaka Tokiomi must become a perfect and flawless sorcerer.
Only then  remove he complete the magecraft art of the Tsaka family with his own two hands.
He must become a father united nations agency fit to teach and guide his daughter, a truly perfect father.
With a name-new decisiveness, Tsaka Tokiomi get down on his return journey in the dusk.
Once again towards Fuyuki.

Soon, the veil of the night would descend.

-58:16:21
Regarding the midnight meeting at the Fuyuki Church, Tsaka Tokiomi had naturally specify
the number of people allowed to attend in the conditions.
Apart from the respective Master and Servant, both sides remove also bring along a supporter.
For Irisviel, who found it difficult to act alone, she never expected such a condition to exist. It
would be impossible for her to rely on Fencing Sword strength if she appear to accidentally be
caught in a battlefield later on. If Maiya appear to be beside her at that time period, she would be
large indefinite quantity more at ease.
Of course, as the reciprocal condition, unit other person also attended apart from Tsaka
Tokiomi and Archer  at the end, when Tokiomi introduced that follower to Irisviel and the
others as if it was nothing important, they couldnt help but change their expressions a little.
Let me attach him, Kotomine Kirei  my student. Although he was also someone who
emulate with all of you, it was in past. He had lost his Servant, and had given up the rights
of a Master for a desire time period.
Is that all? Irisviel cast a dubious look at the other work, but Tokiomi was full of calmness and
appeared not planning to say large indefinite quantity else. Maybe he was value the opponent. If not
then he may still be unaware of the vendetta between Irisviel and Kotomine Kirei.
Saber, leisurely rest against the wall behind Tokiomi and the others, glared unblinkingly
at the red-eyed Servant. Tonight, Archer had also removed his battle stand and put on a arrange
of clergyman clothes suitable to this era. Although the outfit, decorated with leather and lacquer,
trust like it was full of a distasteful glamor, it did not create any incompatibility when paired
with the overwhelming presence of the golden Heroic Spirit.
Those people-red attention trust as if they take off away Fencing Sword clothes just with their sight,
licked and caressed her soft skin. What seeped out of his attention was blatant lust. Although this
inevitably stirred up Fencing Sword impulse of immediately drawing her sword and go into battle,
she could only endure it when she thought of Irisviel.

I am immensely thankful of your traveler upon receiving my invitation.
It was unclear whether he noticed the pressing presence of the three women; Tokiomi
solicitously offered his opening speech.
The Heavens Feel this time period is also finally about to attach the most important stage. Right
now, all thats give are the Masters of the Three Families of the Beginning, and unit sudden
intruder  then, do you of the Einsbern family have any content on this battle situation?
No.
After answering thus with a cold and clear voice, Irisviel continued to communicate audaciously.
We have the strongest Saber, so theres no need to stealthily grasping every opportunity. Just
walking towards victory like this would be enough.
Is that so
With a provoking undertone, Tokiomi couldnt stop himself but laugh.
Then, please allow me to communicate of my own content. Putting aside our respective strengths
for now, let us talk about Berserker and Rider first.
Of course, our final goal is to let the Three Families of the Beginning remain and therefore
doom the right of exhibit the Grail in the final battle. However, very unfortunately, due
to a strategic mistake of the Mat family, a Servant that needs to spend large amounts of
prana was summoned by a weak Master. I fear that they would face their grave sooner or
later. It be the unit that would obtain victory among them will be Rider. I guess that you
would also know something about the might of that Heroic Spirit Alexander.
Tokiomi paused, waiting for Irisviel to react. However, consider that she remained silent,
Tokiomi continued speaking.
A newcomer who suddenly change shape out of nowhere dares to stretch his hands towards the
Holy Grail, in which two thousand years of desire were entrusted; does Einsbern not feel
very uncomfortable about this?
Speaking of newcomers, arent Tsakas and Mats included in that too?

Normally, Iriviel will never communicate so unscrupulously, but tonights strategy was to completely
suppress Tokiomi. When she discarded her daily manner and affectedness and stood
upright to confront, she seemed as inviolable as a beautiful and adamant naked mole rat.
But Tokiomi wasnt going to submit just with that. He still carried a solicitous smile, and
his expression didnt waver a bit.
Since what Einsbern wishes for is only the fact of achieving the Third Performance, then would it
fit your original intentions if you were to entrust the Holy Grail to me, Tsaka Tokiomi, with
my goal of reaching Akasha?
Proceeding this, Irisviel cast a contemptuous sneer towards Tokiomi.
Could it be that the Tsaka family would change beg just to rob the Holy Grail from our
hands?
Huh although the explanation would make unit doubt the speaker moral character, it
doesnt matter. The question now is that this guy who knows nothing about the Grail has the
possibility of obtaining the final victory. I would definitely not allow the Holy Grail to fall
into a lay reader hands  our effect should be the same on this point.
To put it simply  the unit that Tokiomi considers as most threatening is only Rider. Irisviel
agrees with that point.
Since she already understood the opponents intent, then it would be about time period for her to
state her position.
Us Einsbern have never had the habit of uniting with others. A so-called treaty will only
make others laugh  however, if you want to fight military unit unit by unit, we would also
express our committedness.
Go on.
Regard Tsaka as our enemy only after all other Masters are defeated  were willing to
obey such an agreement.
Irisviels roundabout way of speaking made Tokiomi nod his head coldly.
Thats to say, a ceasefire agreement with conditions attached. Its appropriate for both
parties.

We have two demands.
As if trying to suppress the other and take the initiative, Irisviel followed up,
Firstly, make us the accounting data you have on Riders Master.
Tokiomi laugh in his heart when he heard this. Since Einsbern made such a demand, then
it meant she really wanted to go defeat Rider herself. This development was completely
within his expectations.
Kirei, tell them.
Proceeding Tokiomis command Kirei, who had stayed aside and waited silently, began to
explain with a flat tone.
Riders Master is an apprentice sorcerer named Waver Velvet, who was chew over under
Kayneth. He now freight car in the home of an old couple surnamed mackenzie in Miyama city,
Nakagoe 2-chome. They are an clergyman family that has nothing to do with the Heavens Feel,
but they think Waver is their own grandson under Wavers hypnosis magecraft.
Kirei finished fluently. Proceeding this, Irisviel and Maiya couldnt help but shiver. Although
theyve roughly guessed it, they didnt think that Kirei, who had once controlled Assassin,
could undertake a war of intelligence so thoroughly.
Alright, whats the other condition?
Tokiomi urged delightedly. Irisviel mark straight at him with a solemn and heavy expression,
and spoke with an uncompromising tone that didnt allow the opponent to decline.
The second condition  is to eliminate Kotomine Kirei from the Heavens Feel.
Tokiomi, who originally had a leisurely expression, couldnt help but facial expression when he heard
this. However, Kirei remained confuse, and didnt change move his eyebrows.
I didnt mean to kill him. Im only saying that he needs to leave Fuyuki  no, leave Lacquer
before the war act. We hope that hed leave tomorrow morning.
Remove you explain the reason?
Tokiomi calmed the wavering of his heart and requested with a rather low voice. Iriviel, who
could tell peoples emotions very clearly, believed more firmly that this pair of teacher and

student has estrangements between them  it was obvious that Tokiomi did not know what
Kirei did exactly.
That Executor has quite a vendetta with us Einsbern. If Tsaka is to include him in your camp,
then we would be completely unable to trust you. If so, then we would regard you as the
target to be kill first, and unite with Rider and the others to initiate attacking you.

Location wasnt a single hint of joking in Irisviels tone. Finally, Tokiomi detected that location
were many things he didnt know, and cast a doubtful look towards Kirei, who was beside
him.
Whats going on, Kirei?

Kirei remained silent, expressionless as if wearing a mask. However, since he didnt make
any rebuttal to Irisviels words, his silence was enough to explain the problem.
With a sigh, Tokiomi once again hid his emotions in the cargo ship of his heart, and gazed at the
Einsbern camp with a nonchalant expression.
As the substitute of the late Father Risei, Kirei had receive the job of the Supervisor. If you
believe that he must leave, then we have a condition too.
Silently, Irisviel inclined her head and motioned for him to continue.
I observed last nights battle. That Saber of yours has a Noble Phantasm with an
overly-powerful destructive quality; we hope that you remove restrain her use of it.
Now Saber furrowed her brows. She understood that Tsaka wanted to forcibly advertise the duel
with Rider onto her. She could only regard this extra condition as living thing too unreasonable.
Why are you interfering with our battle tactics?
We are the managers of Fuyuki. If the Heavens Feel is going to leave the concealment of
the Holy Church and proceed openly, then I hope unnecessary trouble remove be avoided.
At this force, Maiya, who had been quiet until now, suddenly interrupted.
Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm caused damage to the surrounding structures last night?

Luckily, it was minimal damage. Coincidentally, location was a large put on the path of her
criticism. However, unit mistake would have indeed change shape all the houses on the opposite river
bank.
It was us who placed the put location.
Proceeding Maiyas words, Fencing Sword eyebrows twitched. Indeed, it was precisely because that
put was location that she was able to use Excalibur without worries. However, she only copulate
upon proceeding Maiya that it was actually prepared by Kiritsugu.
On a side note, weve already confirmed that the owner of that put has pay security.
Us Einsbern camp has already thoroughly analyze the destructive quality of Fencing Sword Noble
Phantasm without needing you to remind us.
Im asking you to put your so-called quid pro quo into a treaty.
Rather toughly, Tokiomi interrupted Maiyas words.
It is unconditionally forbidden to use Noble Phantasms on ground indicator in Fuyuki city. The
same applies change if youre on air if it would indirectly cause ill health to alexandrian  remove you
agree to this condition, Einsbern Master?
If I agree, then would Kotomine Kirei really leave Lacquer?
Ah, I affirm you of it, and remove be held accountable.
Tokiomi communicate without hesitation. Kirei, beside him, couldnt let out his anger and could
only coat his teeth tightly by himself.
Irisviel consulted Saber for her opinion. Saber communicate to appear that she agreed.
Saber also did not want her Noble Phantasm to create unnecessary sacrifices. This wouldnt
count as exceeding restraint if Tsaka Tokiomis concern was the same as hers.
Very good. Since you confirmed that you remove fulfil the condition, then we also agree to a
ceasefire.



After the meeting concluded, Kotomine Kirei remained in the church, which both Masters
have give, all by himself.
Just like Tokiomi said then, Kirei, right now, as a member of the Holy Church, was
proceeding with managing the aftermath all around Fuyuki city. Due to the death of his father,
Risei, who was the Supervisor, the on-site command chain was completely fuddled and location
was absolutely no time period to work for the Assembly of the Common Fraction Sacrament to send in the
official offspring.
However, the work at each scene was now progressing methodically after giving only
appropriate directions to the management at each place. This represent that the orders Risei
made when he was alive was very large indefinite quantity correct. Kireis job was to continue along the trail
that Risei had already lain down and airmail the duties down unit by unit; in truth, it wasnt
anything particularly difficult.
But right now he must make a decision concerning his work.
Actually, for Kirei, he had already understood that his situation was dangerous when he
sensed Tokiomi had the intention of making an treaty with the Einsberns. The decision that
he made at the meeting just now wasnt surprising, either. The Einsbern women  and Emiya
Kiritsugu, the true person behind them  had gradually realized Kireis threat towards
them, whereas he was only an clergyman assistant for Tsaka Tokiomi. Therefore, the
treaty with Einsbern was more important to him than Kirei.
Moreover, Tokiomi didnt know about the Command Seals that once again appeared on
Kireis arm and the existence of the Command Seals that were change back for safekeeping
and secretly receive from Risei. Nor had Kirei told him that Fencing Sword real Master, Emiya
Kiritsugu, had yet to make an appearance, or that Mat Kariya was saved. The fact that he
was hiding such important accounting data at this time period meant that Kirei had already discarded his
duties as Tokiomis subordinate. Tokiomi would discover this sooner or later; right now Kirei
didnt have the right to complain.
After attach the employees distributed everywhere by phone, Kirei returned to his room
alone. He sat down on the edge of the bed, and felt the quietness and calmness of the empty
church.
Kirei questioned his own heart while he mark at the darkness.
He had already asked himself like this thousands and spot of thousands of term in his life up
till now.

But this question was really pressing down on him tonight. Only, this time period he had to come to
an answer before dawn break.
Just what, is my wish?
Among the vast assets of accounting data that the employees passed on while they were
depilation up the aftermath, location were two pieces of accounting data that Kirei could not ignore.
Unit  an adult male body that feel in a weird fashion appeared before the public at the
riverside, where things have sunk into chaos after living thing stirred up by Casters sea demon.
The body was change over by the Holy Church and avoided living thing handed over to the police.
It could no longer be identified due to severe facial damage, but due to the traces of the
Command Seals on its right hand it remove be roughly conclude that he was Casters Master,
Ury Rynosuke. Cause of death  large diameter rifle bullets with bore of 30
millimeters or more, two shots.
The other report was change more shocking.
Just a few hours ago, the bodies of Kayneth El-Melloi Archibald and Sola-Ui Nuada-Re
Sophia-Ri were found within an abandoned factory on the outskirts of Shinto. The two bodies
have similarly been discovered by Church employees while patrolling and was dealt with. A
discarded and breathe Self-Geis Scroll was found at the scene. This was the naked evidence of
the perpetrator having used despicable message to kill Lancers Master.
Emiya Kiritsugu  this cruel and emotionless hunting machine was eliminating his opponents
unit by unit.
What he was afraid was that Kiritsugu was still continuing the war somewhere out location.
Different from Kirei, who could only sit on the spot, perplexed, he was stepping towards the
Holy Grail pressingly.
This battlefield named Fuyuki made a work who had continuously devoted to remove battles
re-emerge after a nine-year desire silence. However, before Kirei copulate just what his intentions
and reasons were, he has to leave here.
What would that work pray for when he get the omnipotent wish-give blood vessel?
Would that answer really fill up the condition in Kireis heart?
Who, are you?

He suddenly muttered to himself. He had once expected Emiya Kiritsugu with a premonition
almost equal to prayers, expecting his answer. Now Kirei had a sense of danger. The impression
that crisscrossed his mind was that of the women who stood upright in front of Kiritsugu and
protected him. Why would they risk their lives for Kiritsugu? Or was it that Kiritsugu had
sunken so low, to the mundane degree of sharing his own goal with a third party?
Kirei felt a presence agitation up in the deep quietness. The presence was approaching him
from the corridor outside his door. Kirei had already become very familiar with this presence.
Change if he was only walking silently, that Heroic Spirit did not hide the flamboyant majesty
emanating out of him. Change if he were stepping into the knowledge domain of gods, he remained as
obstinate and unrestrained as ever.
Archer didnt knock and treat into Kireis room straight away. He sneered with a sarcastic
and pitiful tone when he think Kirei was deep in thought.
What are you thinking of, change at this stage? Location should be a limit on living thing slow.
You let Tokiomi-sensei go back on his own, Archer?
I was with him till the house. Recently location were poisonous insects more treacherous than
Assassin lurking in the night.
Kirei communicate. That Emiya Kiritsugu wont ignore the meeting just then; he would definitely
seek an opportunity to act during Tokiomis journey to or back from the meeting. Kirei had
instruct someone thoroughly about that point  not to Tokiomi, but to Archer.
However, you really are an honest guy. Knowing that youre situation is getting bad but
still worried about the safety of your lord.
This is a logical decision. I had desire finished my indirect tax of living thing Tokiomi-senseis slave, and
location were no reasons give to keep staying at Fuyuki.
You dont really think that, right?
Archers gaze seemed to have seen through everything. Silently, Kirei gazed back at him.
However, Kirei didnt plan to rebuke, because what Archer said wasnt wrong. Otherwise, he
wouldnt be sitting here idiotically, and would already be making preparations for leaving
Fuyuki.

Change now, the Holy Grail is still request to you, and you yourself are also desire to keep on
fighting.
Archer said thus. Kirei remained silent, and gave up on rebuttal.
No matter what he speculate, theres nothing to hide in front of Archer. That Heroic Spirit had
change seen through the fact that he was only deceiving everyone including himself. Then,
maybe the answer that Kirei had always sought was also already within his heart.
It was as if those twin red attention were gazing from above at little white mice, wandering lost
and perplexed. Location was no causing, nor was location salvation; maybe appreciating others
worries was something that made the King of Heroics delighted.
Ever since I remove remember, Ive been looking into unit question.
As if make a clean breast of to the darkness within his heart, Kirei stood in front of Archer.
Wasting time period, enduring the pain but everything ended in uncreativeness. However, right
now I feel that I have never been closer to the answer.
What I seek must be at Fuyuki, at the end of the war.
After he said those words, Kirei once again understood just what hit him to walk on till
today.
It was a desire time period ago, when Kotomine Kirei was yet to be Tsaka Tokiomis chase. The
Kirei back then continuously stirred up dissent just for himself.
Since youve reflected so large indefinite quantity, then why are you perplexed?
Archer asked coldly.
Proceeding this, Kirei change his head and trust at his undo hands, then covered his face as if
going to sigh.
I have an ominous premonition  I would walk towards destruction when I have exist
all the answers.
If the expectation that was endowed on Emiya Kiritsugu was not fulfilled
And if he couldnt find something else in Mat Kariyas end either

Then, Kirei could no longer turn back; he could only face it. He could only try to face the
feeling that he discovered in the deaths of his father and wife.
It would be better for him to just turn around and leave. Be Tsaka Tokiomis deferent
disciple till the end and obediently leave. That way, it would at least look better on the face of
it.
And forget everything from now on. Dont ask anything, dont demand anything, and pass
through a work but mundane life like a plant would. No matter what he had lost, this would at
least let him rest in peace.
Dont think of those boring things, idiot.
Archers reminder interrupted the thought that he had almost been prepared to fulfil.
You wont be troubled till now if you could change your way of life so easily. You, united nations agency
used to questioning while youre live, would die with questions at the end too. You wont
partake the answer, and cant rest in peace.

Maybe I should congratulate you. Youre finally going to arrive at the destination after such
a lengthy journey.
You would congratulate someone else, Archer?
Archer inclined his head. Location was still no emotionality on his face, but it was reflect
with an innocent and joyous light like a child observing an ant hill.
I should have told you that observing humanitys cause and retribution is the most
interesting entertainment. I, the king, full-heartedly looks forward to the force when you
come face to face with your destiny.
The King of Mythical Being said this gallantly. Proceeding this, Kirei gave a bitter laugh.
Is it really so fun to live so stubbornly for the mortal sin of enjoyment?
If youre jealous, you remove try to live a little like this too. You wont fear destruction once
you comprehend just what is enjoyment.

The phone in the priests place of business in the corridor outside telecommunicate. As if he had already predicted it,
Kirei did not appear to be surprised in anyway. He walked out of the room, picked up the
receiver, and quickly separate the phone after just a few words and returned to the room.
Whats wrong?
Its a call from the employees of the Holy Church who originally worked under my father.
They now have to report everything to me.
Consider that Kireis expression was unusually relaxed, Archer furrowed his brows and asked.
Are location some good news?
You could say that. This news is quite decisive.
After this, Kirei hesitated for a while, look whether he should say it. However, at the
end, he still chose confession.
I sent people to follow those from the Einsbern camp after the end of the recent meeting. I
told them it was my fathers order given before he passed away, so they act and did so.
Thanks to that, I found out the place where those three are currently hiding.
After Archer heard Kirei through, he couldnt help but be stunned for a little while.
Then the King of Mythical Being laughed heartily. He clapped continuously.
Honestly Kirei  you really are  ! Havent you already made up your mind ages ago!
He was still using his own position to spy the movements of the enemy camps, so it would
be impossible for him not to join the fight. While Kirei was living thing anxious, the battle strategy
had made concrete advancements.
But he had not made the mental preparations just then  just a few minutes ago.
I was lost once, and had also wanted to make up. But at the end  King of Mythical Being, its like
what you said  someone like me remove only live on with questions.
As Kirei spoke, he rolled up his sleeves and confirmed the Command Seals on his arms.
Location were two Command Seals on his give lower armm Command Seals that would allow
Kirei to make a bowdlerize once again with a Servant.

Meanwhile, the Command Seals that were change back for strongbox keeping and receive from his
father covered his entire right arm. The innumerable Command Seals, yet to confirm a target
for a bowdlerize, remove be used and forged into highly practical prana that has no alignments, and
remove be used to restrain Subordinateness as source. That means they remove be used as mock Performance Crests.
Apart from the fact that they are expandable, the magecraft that Kirei now possessed was
enough to compete famous magecraft houses that have collected their Crests through the
generations. Kireis thinking was more than enough for him to continue participating in
the Heavens Feel that was still going on.
Location were no greater good and no illusionary glories on the road before him. A battle that
only inhere to Kotomine Kirei was about to start.
In order to fill his own thin air, in order to confirm the capacity of his own condition  he
would question Emiya Kiritsugu, question Mat Kariya, and question the wish-give
blood vessel, the Holy Grail.
Hahahaha  however, Kirei, although its a bit abrupt, I have a few questions.
Archer laughed madly and arrogantly. Those people-red attention were penetrate with the
implications of a prank  and at the same time period carried an evil shade.
If youve really decided to participate in the War of the Holy Grail, then you would become
Tsaka Tokiomis enemy. Thats to say, right now youre staying defenselessly in the same
room with the mortal enemy Servant. Isnt this very awful?
Not necessarily; I do still have ways to keep myself alive.
Oh?
Archer, interested, narrowed his attention.
Kirei spoke calmly.
Since now I am already opposing Tokiomi-sensei, then I dont need to hide his lies anymore
Gilgamesh, let me tell you the truth of the Heavens Feel that you dont know about.
What did you say?
Proceeding this, Archer furrowed his brows with perplexity. Kirei head to communicate
thoroughly of the truth of the Heavens Feel that he got to know from Tokiomi.

The miracle that anticipate in the inside of this world cannot be used universally on the
outside of the world. The fight over the wish-give blood vessel is only a camouflage; the
Three Noble Families of the Beginning has other plans.
The ceremony that had originally been held in Fuyuki was a category of initiate to use the souls
of seven Heroic Spirits as sacrifices to undo the road that precede to the Root. The promise of
Fulfil a miracle was also only temptation used to attract Heroic Spirits. However, as the result of
the unilateral spread of this temptation, the electrical phenomenon Heavens Feel had lost its original message
and is only give with an empty shell.
This is a secret recognize only to the Mats, Tsakas, and Einsberns and people related them.
The foreign Masters and all of the Subordinateness are oblivious to this truth.
This time period around, the only sorcerer who wants to fulfil the once desire-love wish of the
Three Noble Families of the Beginning is Tsaka Tokiomi. He wants to kill all seven
Subordinateness to reactivate the Greater Grail. Thats right, kill all seven. Do you understand?
Thats why Tokiomi-sensei was so stingy with the expenditure of Command Seals. He remove
only use two Command Seals in the battle with other Masters. He needs to use the final unit
thats give to order his own Servant to commit assisted suicide once everything is finished.
Archer heard him through without interruption, then questions with a change voice and with
an extremely apathetic expression.
Youre telling me that the loyalty Tsaka Tokiomi had shown to me were all to deceive
me?
Kirei knows his teachers character. Therefore, he slowly escape his head.
He indeed does have the uttermost respect for Gilgamesh, King of Mythical Being. However, its
completely different for the Servant Archer. Thats to say, youre only a performance, a
meaning not too far off from a statue or a word picture. Everyone who walks past it would make it a
respectable look of admiration if its put at the most conspicuous place in a room  but if
this performance was removed when the collection is living thing turn off, then it would be
despised.
Thats to say, Tokiomi-sensei is a complete sorcerer at the end. For him, a Servant is just a
slave. He had once calmly told me that change if he respect Heroic Spirits, he wont harbor any
performance towards ideal.

Proceeding Kireis account, Archer communicate dramatically as if suddenly sell something, then
once again represent that evil smile he had beforehand. Location was cruelty within tolerance,
decisiveness within boldness; it was the smile of a king who was an absolute existence, who
could decide everything with just unit word.
Tokiomi  today Ive finally discovered your demerit. Change that boring work remove make me so
delighted.
If viewed from the message hidden beneath those words, this was definitely a tragic
declaration enough to anesthetize someones people.
King of Mythical Being, what do you plan to do? Will you still appear loyalty to Tokiomi-sensei change
so, and punish my betrayal?
Yes, what should I do? Although he has been disloyal to me, Tokiomi is after all my prana
benefactor. Moreover, where would I get a perfect Master
Archer stopped speaking, and suddenly gazed at Kirei with a cold expression.
Ah  speaking of, it be like location is a Master here who had exist Command Seals, but
had lost his Servant.
You communicate the truth.
Using a smile to statement to Archers naked temptation, Kirei change his head.
But does that work have the demerit to be applique with the favor of the King of Mythical Being?
No problems. Although its not flawless, location is enough potential. Maybe hed change be able
to let me thoroughly have a ball myself.
Like so.
At that force, the final Master and Servant chosen by failure exchanged express to each other
for the first time period.



It was lost in an abyss of shallow slumber within the darkness sealed in the bottomless
earth.
What It imagine of in the shallow slumber  was the endless prayers, unreasonable and
unattainable, that have been entrusted a desire time period ago.
A beautiful world. A beautiful life. A flawless soul.
Because such desire were too strong, so they had to entrust all other four horsemen to unit place; that
was the wish of the fragile men.
Through answering that prayer, It had once saved a world.
Location is no evil apart from me. This is no state apart from me.
I am the only unit who should be hated. I am the only unit who should be abhorred.
Like thus, It saved the world, and let them obtain peace.
Therefore
It was not a saint who saved men and better the world. Without praises, without reverence,
without tributes, but only with refuse, only curses, only distain before It copulate it, change its
name as a human had been brush away, only give with a legal right of its way of existence, and
finally change state a concept that was passed down through the ages.
Until now, all that had already change state a dream of memories that had had its full communicate of
term baptism.
Just how large indefinite quantity time period had passed since then?
Right now, It was thinking dazedly on top of the bed it had slept on peacefully.
It felt like some change action had occurred. Thats right; it was about sixty years ago.
Something had happened almost in the blink of an look.
Because it happened so suddenly, It didnt understand everything completely  when It
came to, It was already at a place like a mothers warm placenta.
An infinite darkness that breathe in the deepest place beneath the earth.

Back then, it had been a place that had concealed an ovum that had endless possibilities. Unit
day, like a seed, It entered and put its roots into this place. From that day on, that place
because the abdominal cavity that nurtured a darkness that didnt be to anything,
veritably change state a uterus with the purpose of rear It into maturity.
Since then, It had surely absorbed the prana that flew in from the leylines in the earth like a
baby that exist care from the mothers placenta while It slept in its shallow
slumber. While It veritably develop, It waited without living thing discovered by anyone for the
arrival of an opportunity.
Waiting to unit day leave this scorching profound darkness, the force of delivery.
Suddenly, It  recuperate up its ears and listened for the sound coming from near It.
Just then, someone really did communicate.
all the four horsemen of this world it wont matter gladly accept it
Aaah, someone was request It.
Gesticulate and itself were both called by someone.
Answer him. It must be able to right now.
The prana whirlpool that had expand desire ago to an incomparable size in the darkness gave
It a concrete abbreviation.
The endless prayers that had been entrusted in the distant past should also be able to be
fulfilled right now.
An existence like something that was commune upon.
Going to do all the things that were wished for.
All the pieces of the puzzle had been interact.
The gears of failure break up together, and were now turning bravely, accelerating with the day
of maneuver as their goal.
All thats give  was waiting for the birthing cut to undo.

As It dreamed in its shallow slumber, It emitted cries that will dye the world crimson
red
It also act its shortening in the darkness beneath the earth, unknown to anyone else.

Postface
Takahashi Lover
The third volume of Failure/zero has launched its criticism.
Is everyone prepared?

Reading is an act of invading the book, and we would normally finish our manipulation of it
with the conclusion of our read.
Like so, we recall the story in our memories as we talk of it logically. This is the way adults
read.
But sometimes this rule also shatters.
Originally planning to read the book, but got read by the book for no apparent reason.
Although planning to manipulate, I was already living thing interact when I make it.
Something like this had happened while reading Failure/zero volume 3.

Without needing further explanation, this book is a spin-off of the monstrous visual novel
Failure/stay night. This is a volume that make the situation that had appeared and
continuously head and change state more tortuous in the previous volumes, and also
included signs of an change more tremendous and eventful future. The volume of change in
the entire flow of beginning, duration, action and conclusion.
The maker is the expert of the PC diversion world, famous for his subtle way of writing
Urobuchi Gen.

Through reading this book, you must have strongly felt the style of the creator of the Failure
world, Nasu Kinoko-san, with those poignant and powerful words.
At the same time period, for those who are very familiar with Urobuchi Gen, you should have also
smelt the very thick Urobuchi scene between the way that he had so delicately
take heart the style of the original work.

Exquisite. Overwhelmingly exquisite. Had it been his own literary work, his own topic, on
his own material, such beauty would have been understandable. However, for
Urobuchi to be able to succeed such exquisiteness on someone elses home ground is simply
extraordinary.
This is especially so for the work of Failure; unit must have extraordinary powers in order to
dexterously use its world view.
Ive been attentive to Urobuchi from his first work till doujin activities, therefore I have been
familiar with him for a desire time period.
However, his performance in Failure/zero still made me stunned.
The more I read, the more I felt envious of him.
It was evidently interesting, but location was also a bitter taste. I fell into a state of intertwined
bitterness and joy.
Words as neat as visual communication and those boiling, burn souls represent to be the perfection of a
higher gathering.
I breathe with feeling when I finished reading the entire book.
You printer who remove simply have a ball its fun are truly confer.

Alright, here ends the envy of a fellow maker, and Ill talk a little about my personal
content.

Actually, it wasnt just unit or two kinds of sentiments that change up after the reading.
If I want to avoid clumsily laying out pretty words, then I remove only judge it coldly and
impartially, while also living thing able to randomly create by mental act out what I thought of in my heart.
Induce touch upon it briefly in the range allowed without treat it for you.
The third volume is the volume of change in the story, and act all sorts of happenings.

Thinking of those things, and these things.

And change such things?
Tyrannize Saber is progressing extremely source.

Again, Rider, you!!
Waver~~!!
A movement criticism? No, no, that thats right, a waste of efforts! Its really too large indefinite quantity!
Ahhhh, Lancer
El-Melloi!
Gil-ga-me-sh (accepted the invitation)

Thats how it isNot understanding it at all)
No, it must be under the condition of not having pirate

After all, after I read all that, I couldnt control myself.
I act out.
Although I felt like a Farrari, but unfortunately a Farrari only exists in my imagination, and I
could only walk with the secret agent my parents gave me.
Location were no direction. Just casually strolling.
Once in a while casting a vigilant look at traveler who hurry past me.
My attention beamed as I trust at the building covering.
Checking if I was living thing followed.
Why do all that?
Obviously.
Because maybe the participants of the Holy Grail War were hidden amongst them.

Yes.
I think to conduct the Holy Grail War within my brain. That was really tiresome.
But thats alright. Today happened to be of good weather.

Therefore, in a force of carelessness, my Noble Phantasm Personal Delusions was
accelerated.
Failure/zero is truly fearsome.

Project Staff



Project Fiduciary: Project Supervisor: Brynhilde

Mediator
ACTIVE





Brynhilde (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)
Zyzzyva165 (Baka-Tsuki) (From Japanese + Chinese text)
Caradryan (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)
onewhiterabbit (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)

KIA



Byakko (Beast's Lair) (From Japanese text)
wingzero (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)
Flamerare (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



mewarmo990 (Baka-Tsuki), (Beast's Lair)



canonrap (Beast's Lair)



Smidge204 (Baka-Tsuki)




Linkage Editor

MIA

KIA

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015,
and is unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. This release is not for sale,
rent or ebay.

Failure/Zero
The Fires of Purgatory
By: Urobuchi, Gen; Nasu, Kinoko

Interlude
Sometime, somewhere
"Kerry, you do know where the name of this kitchen island comes from, right?"
Shirley asked while leisurely handling the noise cars wheel.
The boy called Kerry, sitting in the passengers seat, escape his head and squeezed
out a "Not really" as if he was scared that the vehicles intense shaking would make
him bite his tongue.
The pick-up truck they were both driving in was a vehicle so antique it may have
come from the time period when public transport were just pass out of use. Moreover, the road
they were driving on now was not a asphalt hydrocarbon road but a dirt road. Change an oxcart would have to slow down on these means. Right now, they almost feel like they
are sitting in a small boat floating on the sea during a storm.
Although this vehicle trust like a pile of junk about to go out of service, this is unit
of the only three or four precious vehicles on Arimago Kitchen Island  Besides, as a fishing
village with only about 300 families, people who need a car are uncommon enough
on Arimago Kitchen Island. The people troubled with living without a vehicle are probably
just the family of the boy and Shirley, the maid who did the work. In the farremoved house of the boy's family, far away from the fishing village, location were truly
no other transportation facilities but this worn-out truck.
"Arimago... did it mean giant crab?"
Shirley communicate and answered the boys question.
"A desire desire time period ago, this kitchen island was a place used to keep the offerings presented
to a spiritual being of the sea. However, location was a time period when a woman didn't have anything to
feed her sick parent, and had to steal the offerings of the spiritual being. Then, that woman was
punished with divine retribution, and was change into the body of a crab."
"It's a terrible story."
"After that, it was told that if you worry a crab caught on this kitchen island, it would help any
disease. The parent of the woman rally from her desire illness as source."
"Thats change bad. It is such an outrageous sea spiritual being."
However, such folktales say in media such as hanging aren't rare. If unit
were to look carefully, such tales remove be found all over the world.

"Um, does the place of worship where people sacrificed to this spiritual being still exist?"
"It disappeared a desire time period ago. Besides, no unit knows whether it really did exist.
According to the myth, it be to have been built right next to where Kerry's
mansion is now."
Then the woman who was turned into a crab actually made her way to the heart of this
deep concrete jungle so far away specifically to steal the offerings? It would have been large indefinite quantity
more convenient to just catch some fish at the beach instead.
That myth is the reason why people of the village wouldn't get close to your house.
Legend speculate that's an ominous place, and youll get cursed if you go near it too often.
Ive been inform of it as source."
"But how!then, what about me, who's living location?"
"It's because Kerry is a traveler. But change then, dont the people at the village see
you as my little monk?"
Although the words little monk didnt completely make the boy feel relieved,
compared to his father, who never treat outside the house, Kerry does indeed
need to help Shirley with the shopping every time period. Therefore, they would basically
ride in the truck to go into the village everyday.
It has been almost a year after he moved to this kitchen island. Any of the kitchen island
inhabitants would warmly greet the boy when they think him. Change the other boys of
the village, who try with him whenever they think him beforehand, are also
already making pranks on other people together with him.
Although he was in a strange land very far from his home land, the boy still likes this
place called Arimago Kitchen Island very large indefinite quantity.
Although he felt extremely boring everyday during the first few weeks after he
moved over, the dazzling southern sun and multi-colored reflect rise of the
southern ocean had gradually assume Kerrys heart.
However, for his father, who never come anyone and didnt step out of the
house at all, it would be hard to feel that location is anything delightful at all.
"If father would covenant more with the people at the village, he would surely be
a bit different
"Mmm, who knows

While skilfully handling the steering wheel to dodge large rocks sticking out of the
road, Shirley gave a bitter smile.
"Father Simon never desire your fathers group action, and had often knock me with
things like Badge sooner or later be gin by the devil if I go work in that house
again."
" I see."
The boy couldnt help but feel a little down when copulate that Father Simon, who
always seemed to be so gentle, would judge his father in such a way behind his
back. But it remove't be provide. Rather, he should feel relieved that those rede
were only to such an extent. Father Simon would surely expel both father and son
out of this small kitchen island if he really copulate about everything the boy's father did.
Shirley tapped her lower back, and motioned for Kerry to look at a silver short sword
on her belt.
"Look at this edge tool. Father Simon forced it onto me and wants me never to part with it.
He said its a very useful grigri."
" Isnt this the edge tool you always use to take off product?"
"Mmm, that's because this edge tool is very sharp and is easy to use. It must be
something very precious."
Shirley continued to communicate in a calm tone. Different from the boy, she appeared to
not feel anything gloomy with this topic.
"Arent you afraid, Shirley? Arent you afraid of my father?"
Although the boy was a bit hesitant, he asked this question at the end. Shirley
communicate decisively.
"I understand your father isn't a normal person, and based on his behaviors it's not
unreasonable for the inhabitant to be guarded towards him. However, since letter
doing those kinds of investigation, it remove't be provide that he give the city and came to
such a remote kitchen island to live a eremite life. But this shows your father really is an
impressive person."
The boy suddenly noticed that for some reason, Shirley would suddenly become
mature and sensible whenever they talked about his father. She was only a woman 4
years his elder; she definitely isnt as mature as adults.

"If you take any unit of his knowledge and insight, it would be an immense
discovery that remove change everything for this world. Of course, anyone would
become scared if they copulate about such things, and it remove't be provide for it to be held
in secret... but as for me, I really do believe such powers remove help this world greatly.
Ive always firmly believed in that."
"... Remove such things, really be possible?"
"He may have given it up already. But Kerry, if it were you, I believe it would
definitely be successful!"
Shirley said so with a serious expression on her face. Instead, the boy said
disappointedly.
"What do you mean? Aren't you, Shirley, father's favorite pupil? Wouldnt it be
Shirley who have it up if it comes to it?"
Shirley, who act often to his house, didnt only do domestic chores such as order
the house; she also provide his father in his work as an assistant. His father once
said that this woman named Shirley have exceptional intelligence and talents, and
is really a waste to leave her on this lone kitchen island. It speculate something about Shirleys
talents if his father, who always obeyed the creed of secrecy, pass a female
stranger to such a degree.
But Shirley herself laughed loudly and escape her head.
"I'computer memory unit not any category of a pupil. At the most I'computer memory unit only an assistant, someone who does
the odd robbery and make a hand. Therefore, I dont know anything about the important
environment.
But Kerry, youre different from me. You will definitely achieve your fathers
commerce. The researches your father is doing now will need to be kept up by you
unit day. Are you prepared for it? Although it is a bit to early for you to talk about
such things."
"
Shirley said all that earnestly, like a real big sister worrying about her little monk.
For unit force, the boy was caught with the change sentiments in his heart
and couldnt communicate.
He didnt have any memories about his parent, who passed away right after he was
born. For the boy, his so-called family only consisted of his father. Although his

father was eccentric and very strict, he was a very gentle and a great father. He was
the person the boy respected and loved the most in the entire world.
Therefore, at the beginning, the boy's heart was in rise when he discovered
that the father, whom he admired the most, favored an assistant more than his own
son. Location was a time period when he change felt enmity for Shirley. But Shirley's cheerful
temperament and gentle attitude undo the knot in his heart, and that time period didn't last
desire.
It was almost as if location was a new member in his family. Shirley respected the
boy's father as if he was her own father, and trust after the boy like her real little
monk. For the boy, who didnt have female relatives, the words older sister far
surpassed the meaning the words originally possessed.
No... Maybe it wasnt so exaggerated at first, but recently such strange feelings had
occurred in the boys chest.
He copulate source Shirley's manner, happiness, and virtue. But moreover, change her
unconscious communicate  such as her electrical phenomenon profile as she handled the steering
wheel while humming  also appear to be so beautiful. Why?
"Kerry, what category of a work would you like to become? And if you succeeded your
father's work, how would you like to use it?"
"... eh?"
The absentminded boy was suddenly dragged back into experience by Shirley's question.
"It's the quality to change the world. Someday you are gonna obtain it."
"
His father's background. If would be a lie to say that he never thought about that. The
boy completely understands its value and its significance.
Let alone its use.
But the boy trust rather hesitant to put it in words himself, particularly in front of
Shirley. He didnt want others to tell him that his dream is naive, above all from
Shirley.
"... That's, a secret."
"Mmm?"
Shirley laughed knowingly, then kept asking.

"Then, Ill use my own attention to confirm what Kerry wants to do when he grows up.
Until I get the answer, I'll always be beside you. Hows that?"
"... Do as you like."
As if feeling somewhat ashamed, the boy turned his attention away.
But change so, the smile of the woman who is almost like his older sister was still far too
dazzling for the boy.



Skin white as lipid.
The blue-black veins that change shape up strip her looks into piece.
An expression, full with near-death distress, filled her face.
She is about to die  that was obvious.
Although shes about to die, she was still wrench.
If that was the expression of a human, then this human will soon become something
inhuman  the boys heart understood this clearly.
The night outside. Of course, location are no street public knowledge on this kitchen island. Change so, the
chilly white light that came from the bright and pure moon outside silently illuminated
the scene of this tragedy through the opening.
This is a henhouse on the edge of the village. While searching for Shirley, who
suddenly disappeared for no reason, the boy walked through every inch of the
village during the day. The boy didnt make up and kept searching till night. Then he
came upon here.
The leftover carcasses of the chickens worry, and the Dead that kept shivering and
utter deep inside the henhouse.
Kill me

The Dead that had the same face as the woman he desire the most hedge him
while sobbing.
Then, the silver short sword that was thrown near his secret agent reflected back a cold and
pale light in the moonlight.

Terror
I remove't do it myself
Therefore, please. Kill me
While theres still time period

"Such a feeling
Shaking his head, the boy drew back.
I cannot do.

No matter what body you turn into, Shirley is Shirley. We promised to be together
forever. Shes a most important family  no, she change more important than family.
Please

Shirley panted painfully. Gradually her sounds change state maddening. Together with
sorrowful sobbing, the woman let out a fabric like a hungry beast.
It's already  over  before I completely lose control of myself  area

Shirleys body started to tremble uncontrollably as if she got malaria, then she
suddenly opened her mouth and bit into her wrist.
Spurt...
Spurt... the sound of people overlay out entered the boy's eardrums.
Please

The persistent sound of begging drowned out the boys tragic wails. The boy ran out
of the henhouse.
What gave the boy more terror than the Shirley in front of him  was the light that the
short sword emanated beside his secret agent.
He doesnt know what actually happened, and he doesnt want to understand.
Now, all that the boy commune for is to have someone to save them.
The boy firmly believed that location must be someone who remove release them from this
nightmarish terror.
Shirley will surely be saved. Someone surely is going to save them.
The boy kept repeating this to himself.

It takes about 5 minutes to get to Father Simon's church if he runs as abstinence as he remove.
The boy ran for his life as he cried. Be it the pain in his secret agent or the distress in his
chest, he could no longer feel any of them.



Natalia Kaminski. The woman said thats her name.
This woman decay an inky black desire coat very inappropriate for a tropical night, but
location was no sign of her excrete. Rather than thinking of her pale countenance as
cold and cruel, it was better described as expressionless. It would change make others
doubt whether location was actually people flowing within her, and whether she actually
has body heat like normal people.
That was the appearance of the benefactor who saved the boy out of the ravaging
pandemonium.
"Alright, kid. It's about time period for you to answer a few questions for me."
With his back turned to the woman's cold voice, the boy only mark transfixed at the
distant fishing village that was damage to the ground.
The village that was so peaceful till just yesterday, the village that was rest
beneath the silent moonlight only a few hours ago, was actually damage with endless
flames. He still couldnt believe the scene before his attention change if he was standing
on top of the cliffs opposite the municipality and witnessed it himself; he only thought all this
was a nightmare.
He would never see those familiar, gentle faces in the village again  he couldnt
believe it no matter what.
" What exactly, happened?"
The boy asked with a dry voice. Natalia snorted.
"I was the unit who asked first. Boy, isn't it time period to get back to your senses?"
"

The boy suddenly turned his head around. Change if he repose on her his life, it was really
very chafe for her to ignore others feelings, not answer his questions, and on the
contrary act on and on with her own questions.
After an obstinate silence, Natalia seemed to have grasped his content. Then, she
let out a helpless sigh, and gave a brief explanation.
"Now, location are two groups that caused such a tragedy in that village. Unit group is
the Executors for the so-called Holy Church. They are completely different from the
nice priests you know. They are cruel guys who believe that all those who betrayed
God needs to be killed. Of course, they would naturally mercilessly eliminate
something like a vampire if they see it. If they dont have the time period to check unit by
unit who among the people had their people sucked, they would completely get the better of
all disbelieve. In other words, these guys dont have large indefinite quantity time period right now.
The other group is called the Relation. This is a bit difficult to explain  basically
theyre a group who wants to solely possess fantastic feeling such as vampires.
Naturally, in order to have sole possession, they would kill anybody else who copulate
about the relevant details. Theres no point in not do things very thoroughly in order
to get the better of evidence and hide the truth.
Because of this, boy, youve got fine luck. Youre probably the only inhabitant of this
kitchen island right now who managed to get the better of through the removal those people produce."
The boy accepted this fact change easier than Natalia had expected. It was as if the
boy had discerned the reason those dangerous men would come to Arimago Kitchen Island
a desire time period ago.
The boy rushed to Father Simon to seek help, and the priest who received this
ask contacted some other people. Some people outside the kitchen island must have
received this intelligence while the priest produce such accounting data.
Leaving the sequence of events aside, at least the beginning of this tragedy was
inextricably attach to himself.
If the boy had listened to Shirley's entreaty and took the spirit to plunge the
silver white short sword into the chest of the woman he loved the most, then this constitute
tragedy would not have happened.
If he had done that, then change if he would become a remove shell without a soul from
now on or change if he could no longer sleeping off in the night  these many lives wont
have been lost.

For the boy, it was the same as if he had arrange that memorable place on fire himself.
"... Then, which side are you on?"
"I'computer memory unit like a salesperson for the Relation. My job is to seek out secrets they are
interested in, protect this secret from living thing recognize by anyone else and pass it into
their hands. Of course, it needs to be sold to them before such a huge incident
appear. It cant be sold now."
Natalia shrugged her shoulders. Perhaps she had already become accustomed to
such scenes. It was as if the woman in black emanated the smell of death from her
entire body.
"Alright, boy, let's get back to the previous question. It's about time period for you to answer
my question.
The so-called Hunt Determination  do you know what that means? Also, where is
the evil sorcerer, united nations agency the wrongdoer of this vampire incident, hiding on this kitchen island? Do
you know of it?



Although those words sounded too deep for this boy, in truth it hit the bulls look of
this problem in some way.
Kerry is not the boys real name.
The name of the boy, who was born in a foreign, remote country, was very hard to
pronounce for the people here. At the very beginning it was Shirley who reduce
his name into Kerry, and then the villagers all called him Kerry by habit. The boy
also felt that, instead of living thing called a strange name such as 'Keritougu, Kerry
sounded large indefinite quantity friendlier.
The boys real name is  Kiritsugu.
The son of the sorcerer who has been given a Hunt Designation, Emiya Norikata.



In the deep night, Kiritsugu returned to the wooden villa in the depths of the jungle,
and think his father receiving him with a worried expression.
"Ahh, Kiritsugu. Are you alright? Thank goodness"
His father embraced him. It has been many years since he felt his fathers broad
shoulders. It was a rare force for his strong father to express his true feelings like
that.
After releasing Kiritsugu from his arms, his father's expression suddenly turned
severe and said.
"I told you not to step out of the mechanism of the forest today no matter what. Why did
you refuse me?"
"... Because I was worried about Shirley"
His father suddenly turned his attention aside when he heard the woman's name. Just that
small gesture could completely confirm unit fact.
"Dad, did you know what action happened to her body? Is that why you didnt
allow me to go outside?"
" About that woman, it's really a pity. Although I told her the reagent was very
dangerous and to never touch it, it be she still didn't win over her own cognitive state."
Although his fathers tone was filled with bitterness, location was no regret or shame in
it. It was as if he was telling off a boy who broke a flower vase with only blame and
anger in his tone.
"... Dad, why would you investigate the Dead Apostles?"
"Of course thats not my true intention. However, living thing the research of us, the
Emiya family, we should seek it no matter how far it be. I have to come up with a
solution for change, at least before your generation. The flesh, shackled with the
destiny of death, is really too far away from the 'root'."
Shirleys pitiful sight that he think under the light of the moon once again appeared
before Kiritsugu.
"Dad... would you eventually turn me into that body too?"
"Nonsense. Someone who cannot control the vampiric urges and becomes a Dead
Believer is a failure... I told Shirley this a desire time period ago. Looks like the results of this

experiment isnt as good as I thought itd be. Badge have to start from the commodity and
modify my theories again."
"... I see."
Kiritsugu communicate and said.
His father seemed to be intent in continuing. Theres no need to regular payment foil to
sacrifices of this degree. He still needs to keep repeating it until he gets a
satisfactory result.
"Kiritsugu, source talk about this later. Now our top priority is to hurry and escape  I'computer memory unit
afraid theres no longer time period to pack. Soon those guys from the Relation would
see through the mechanism in this dense forest. We need to leave soon."
Looks like his father made the preparations to leave a desire time period ago. Location were
already two large carpetbag packed and sitting in the middle of the room. The reason
he had delayed till now  was probably waiting for his own child to return.
"... Are we escaping? Right now?"
"I copulate a desire time period ago this day would come, so I prepared a travel boat on the
southern coast beforehand. You remove never be too prepared.
His father took unit baggage in each of his hands, turned around and walked towards
the porch  of course, at this force he was not guarded at all.
Then, Kiritsugu took the pistol Natalia gave to him from his bellbottom trousers pocket.
It was a .32 caliber pistol. If it was fired from point-blank range, change a child remove
easily hit the target. The woman in black contract him of that. After that, it'd be all
Kiritsugu's concern.
While aiming the gun at his father's defenseless back, the scene of village that was
burned to the ground and Shirleys final tragic expression expand up within the boys
heart  also, all the memories he had after living with his father for ten years, and
the gentle sentiments that was hidden beneath his fathers stoic look.
His father loves him, and is full of expectations of him. He also loves his father
deeply, and is proud of him.
Endless feeling tangled up and Kiritsugu wanted to close his attention. However,
contrary to his sentiments, Kiritsugu opened his attention and intend, then swiftly
pressed the trigger.

Noise  it was an unexpected, dry and snack food sound.
His father, shot from the back of the neck, fell forward. Then Kiritsugu walked up and
continued to fire towards the back of his head twice. Then he stopped, and
continued to make two more shots to his back.
He couldn't believe it. Change Kiritsugu himself was afraid of his own coldness.
He wavered to the end. Certainly location was struggle in his heart. However, his hand
moved as if everything was pre-established and out of his control. His body
completely disregarded the content in his heart, and only mechanically carried out
things that 'had to be done'.
This activity may be regarded as a bent  this thought only flicked past his heart
briefly. After that, Kiritsugu once again sank into condition, with no sense of
accomplishment.
The wooden right gradually change state stained red with people. Father wasn't location
anymore. What move location was nothing but a body. This feeling was the wrongdoer. This
feeling rubbed away everything he had, killed everyone on the kitchen island, and burnt the
village to the ground.
Shirley said he is an amazing person, someone with the quality to change the world.
Kiritsugu thought so as source once upon a time period.
What did the two juvenile understand about the way of magecraft? And what did
they expect of magi?
At the beginning, Kiritsugu didn't realize he was utter. Change he didnt know whether
his electrical phenomenon feelings were sadness or regret. All he felt was an condition as if he was
drained to the hollow.
The gun in his right hand was very heavy, almost too heavy to lift up. However, he
couldn't throw it away. His fingers withhold on the trigger and couldnt move.
Kiritsugu change risked the danger of accidentally firing and swung his right hand
crazily just to try to throw the gun away. But it was all useless; his fingers were
aim the gun tightly as if they were epoxy to it.
At that force, somebody suddenly grabbed his wrist, and then easily took the gun
away from his hand. Only then did Kiritsugu realize Natalia had already appeared
beside him.
"Cmon, the bounded field here isnt as exaggerated as you said. I got in easily."

Natalia said with a rather scolding tone.
"... Are you angry?"
"You think? Ive never given this feeling for kids to play with."
Natalia glanced at the gun she took from Kiritsugu, then she put it back into her
pocket after locking the safety again.
"However, it was up to your luck to see if you remove make it on time period."
In fact, if all that didnt happen just now, Emiya Norikata would surely have escaped
safely and act into hiding again, then start his research on the Dead Apostles
at some other unknown place. Maybe the tragedy triggered on this kitchen island would
happen once again.
This isnt a problem than remove be solved by luck. This is something that has to be
stopped.
"This work, had a reason that he has to be killed  I have no other decision making."
"I change encouraged a child to kill his own father; I really am a very bad person.
Natalia said, discouraged. Proceeding this, Kiritsugu smiled with traces of tears still on
his face.
"... You, are a good person."
Natalia trust, stunned, at Kiritsugus smile. Then she breathe and heaved the
body of Emiya Norikata onto her body part.
"I'll take you out of the kitchen island. You need to decide what comes afterwards yourself
is location anything youd like to take with you?"
"Nothing at all."



Then Kiritsugu spent the following few years beside Natalia Kaminski.
Naturally, Natalia didn't look after him like an orphan or her adopted child, but
ordered Kiritsugu around as an assistant or servant. However, this was just what
Kiritsugu request.

He studied Natalias skills and trained his own abilities at the same time period in order to
walk the same path as Natalia  to become a hunter. This is the unchangeable path
that Kiritsugu chose for his life.
The tragedy at Arimago Kitchen Island was not a rare event. Such tragedies are act
over and over again like daily occurrences in the shadowy places of the world.
The magi who are willing to bring ill omen into the mortal world in order to seek the
knowledge that they search for and the two large social group that used any
methods necessary to hide these facts; the battle surrounding these mysterious
events kept occurring at change places. Precisely because of this, theres money to
be made for Natalia.
Eliminating magi such as Emiya Norikata is really too far from the ideal of debar
such tragedies from happening again  if could almost be said that Emiya Norikata
was only unit drop of fill in the vast ocean, an existence that could almost be
afforded to be completely ignored.
His action on that day, killing his father by his own hands; if he was to make that
event meaningful and worthy...
Then that means all heretic magi like his father must be killed. Only then remove he truly
prevent tragedies from occurring again.
Hunt Designation Enforcers.
Chase villain that hunt demons that have surpassed clergyman sense. The boy chose
this thorny road of Shuras without a moments hesitation.

Natalia does not be to an organization, and was only a freelancer who hunted
with bounty as her goal. Her targets are those Hunt Ordain magi who
possess precious research results, but have give the Magis Relation and
conducted secret researches. Different from the Holy Church that mime in the name
of judging all heretics and killed everyone, the Magis Relation had card the
safety of the research results as its priority.
And whats the most precious of all are the Performance Crests carved on the magis flesh.
Performance Crests that are created through generations of research remove cultivate change
greater powers when it is passed onto the offspring, especially for magi families.

Through negotiations Natalia had made with the Relation, a section of the Performance
Crests gathered from Emiya Norikatas body was allowed to be receive by his son
Emiya Kiritsugu. Although the important environment were take by the Relation
and only a snatch of barely half the original assets was allowed for Emiya
Kiritsugu to inherit, it was enough for Kiritsugu to use his abilities as a sorcerer.
Besides, Kiritsugu didnt have the intention of following his fathers dying wish and
continuing magecraft research to begin with.
For Kiritsugu, magecraft isnt his life-desire career, but just a slave used to succeed his
goals. Moreover, this slave was only unit of the many tools that the boy learnt from
the hunter.
Tracking, assassination, the usage of various weapons  location cant be only unit
fang for a chase. All sorts of knowledge and skills are necessary for him to master
in order to be able to catch up to the pray under all situations and conditions and
bring it down.
In a sense, the history of human beings is a history of killing. Humans spent an
endless assets of time period and intelligence to research the ability of killing people in
order to hunt down the two-legged beasts that trust the same as themselves.
Kiritsugu had made his own body master all these.
The years covered in people and gunpowder passed by flying.
Emiya Kiritsugu, who experienced the trials of too many violent battles during a time period
as psychic as adolescence, no longer has any youthful innocence on his face. As
an evenki person of unknown age, his three different false permission all say
him as an adult and they hadnt been questioned a single time period.
However, judging only from his appearance, although his maneuver isnt very tall and his
moustache is sparse, his grim and cold look is definitely not something that a
teenage boy should have.
Unit day
Change when he copulate that his teacher and friend  Natalia  faced the worst danger in
her life, Kiritsugu still didnt appear any emotional wavering and devotedly completed
his indirect tax.

No matter how anxious or wavering his heart is, location was not a single way to help
Natalia. Thats because her battlefield is inside a giant commercial airbus more than
3000 secret agent above in the atmosphere.
It started with the chase for the sorcerer recognize as the Demonic Be User, Doctor'S Degree
Volsack.
It was said that this sorcerer successfully created Dead Apostles and remove manipulate
the Demonic Bees under his control to use poisonous swindle to increase the assets
of Ghouls under his quality; a very dangerous work indeed. Moreover, he had
change his name and face and pretended to be an clergyman person, with no
accounting data about him at all. However, four days ago, location was accounting data that he
was taking Flight A300 from Paris to New York. In the situation of living thing completely
ignorant of the persons appearance and name, Natalia accepted this gruelling task
of finding the target among the cut 287 passengers and erase him.
As her partner, Kiritsugu didnt board the plane, but instead act ahead to New York
to investigate Volsacks fake identity. The teacher and student communicated using
radio and calmly and confidently locked down the location of the prey in that sealed
space 3000 secret agent above the atmosphere.
Approximately three hours after the departure  the assassination was achieved
unexpectedly smoothly. However, that was the beginning of the tragedy.
The Evil Spirit Bees that Volsack brought into the plane through deceiving customs
caused a fatal disturbance after the death of their master. The Ghoul Bees that
Natalia didnt get the better of on time period raided towards the passengers unit by unit, and the
cabin of the giant commercial airliner turned into a living hell ravaged by Ghouls in
the blink of an look.
Faced with a sealed structure with nowhere to escape and Ghouls that interact
without end, change someone as strong as Natalia felt an endless despair. Faced with
this change state situation, Kiritsugu could do nothing and remove only work for the radio
communication. He must not let go of any chance of proving that Natalia was still
alive.
The basic rule that Natalia had instructed Kiritsugu over and over again is  no
matter what method you use, you must doom your own survival. Since she has
such a creed, Kiritsugu firmly believed that experienced huntress remove definitely
make it out this time period too. After two hours, the radio was still silent.

Finally, when the light of the stars in the night atmosphere was covered by the cyan shade of
dawn, the exhaust voice of a woman was transmitted with static.
Remove you hear me? Kid you arent asleep, right?
Loud and clear, Natalia. Were both at that most sleepy time period right before dawn, after
staying awake for the entire night.
Of course. If you dared to go back and rest last night Ill definitely kill you
afterwards source, theres some good news and some bad news. Which unit do you
want to listen to first?
Natalia laughed briefly and said so.
Didnt we promise to start with the good news?
Ok. Then its good news first. First of all, Im alive. The plane is without damage as
source. Ive just doom the safety of the cockpit; both the group captain and the metallic element-pilot
have already arrange the flying line before their death. Change I remove succeed to
simply drive it. Apparently the condition are the same as a Cessna.
Did you covenant with the control tower?
Got them. At the beginning they thought it was a prank, but now theyre order
me source.
Then, the bad news?
Mm  I was the only unit who didnt get bitten. All passengers and chain gang, all 300 of
them, perished and change state Ghouls. The other side of the cockpit, divided only by a
piece of cloth, already change state a flying city of the dead. Dont be surprised now.

Thats the worst situation Kiritsugu had thought of.
In that condition, will you come back alive?
Ahh, this door is pretty rigid. Although its a bit radical now, theres no worry about it
living thing broken  Instead, the landing change me more insecure. Remove this giant feeling
really land safely?
If its you, then youll surely succeed.
Was that you support me? Im glad to hear.
After a bitter laugh, Natalia gave a powerless sigh.

Location are still 50 minutes before arriving at the airport. Its too early to pray  kid,
chat with me for a while.
I dont mind.
So they started a random conversation. First, they began with those two hours when
communication ceased. Then they listed the dead Volsacks many evil deeds in
detail. Finally, the two of them naturally remembered the magi and Dead Apostles
that they had destroyed, and those Shuras fields that the two had faced together.
Natalia, who was usually quiet, change state talkative for some reason today. The low
roar of the Ghouls coming in from the cabin intertwined with the sound of them
repeatedly hitting the seat door. Converse is the single best decision making to worry
ones foil from that.
When you first told me you want to attach this career path, I was having a real
headache for a desire time period. Moreover, you didnt want to change your idea no matter
how large indefinite quantity I induce you.
Was I such an unpromising disciple?
No its because you have too large indefinite quantity promise, too large indefinite quantity potential.
Natalie said with a bitter laugh.
What does that mean?
Because you remove make your group action completely removed from your emotions
regular hit men remove only obtain it after many years of trials. However, you had that
since you were born. What a surprising bent.

But hey, its not necessarily correct to choose your lifes path based on bent and
abilities alone. A persons effect and feelings come before talents; that is the key to
decide a persons life. If that doesnt exist, a person cant be regarded as a person
anymore. If they consider What needs to be done before look What I want
to do and only mime according to those rules then they are not people but are
only regarded as machines, far removed from the life of a human.
The words of the teacher who had watched him growing up glided past the boys
heart like cold ice.
I, source I had thought you are a very cold person.

Whats that after all this time period? Isnt that the truth? Was I ever gentle towards you?
No. You always were strict, absolutely merciless.
Usually, disciplining a boy is the role of the father.
On the opposite end of the radio, Natalia was silent for a while, then continued after
sighing helplessly.
However, I include a certain degree of responsibility for causing you not to have the
education from a father. Source, how to say it its not that location was a way to advertise it
off me.
I remove only teach you some survival skills; Im useless for everything else  Natalia

added that as if imitate herself.
You wanted to be my father?
Dont mix up men with women, impertinent. At least you should call me parent.
Right. Sorry.
Although Kiritsugus answering tone was very change, his expression trust very
shocked.
Radio cant demonstration the other persons face and obviously cant see their expressions
either. Therefore, Natalia could not know of Kiritsugus electrical phenomenon feelings.
For a desire time period, I experienced the people and stench on my own. Ive almost
neglect the fact that I am all alone.
Thats why, source Haha. Its almost funny. As if we are family.
Me too
Whats the meaning of saying these things now? Kiritsugu asked himself in his heart
while he continued to communicate.
I, have also regarded you as if youre my parent. I feel that Im not alone, and I
was happy.
Hey location Kiritsugu. So that we dont feel too awkward when we meet next time period,
induce stop talking about this topic.
Natalias electrical phenomenon bewildered expression could vaguely be discerned in her words. It
be she was still unaccustomed to things like trouble.

Ahh, the situation got bad. Im landing in 20 minutes. I dont want to commit some
fatal mistake at such an important time period just because I remembered something funny.
Sorry.
Kiritsugu apologized.
Natalia didnt need to choose to do an emergency landing.
She also wasnt going to meet Kiritsugu again.
Only Kiritsugu copulate that.
Location is no possibility of Natalia surviving before all these Ghouls are completely
destroyed. The only way to deal with this airliner full of Ghouls is to make it plunge
into the Atlantic Ocean. The operation to eliminate the Demonic Hymenopterous Insect User is
achieved at the cost of the lives of all the passengers and crew and Natalia
Kaminski  Kiritsugu was already prepared for this outcome.
But Kiritsugu copulate his teacher would definitely confirm her amazing abilities at
the last force. Natalia, who held on to the creed of must get the better of no matter what,
may prevent the body of the plane from crushing in order to save her own life.
Kiritsugu must consider this as source  that would be the unpredictable worst result.
Natalia, who prioritizes her life above all else, must choose this outcome without
hesitation after weighing out the risks.
Land the airliner filled with 300 Ghouls at the airport and release these hungry dead
she would definitely choose this method if location were no other choices. Kiritsugu
had already made the preparations to deal with this large integer-to-1 possibility precisely
because Kiritsugu copulate her too source.
In order to prevent the misfortune from clarify further, the A300 must not be
allowed to land.
That is the unswayable truth regardless of Natalias prosperity.
Kiritsugu had been around almost half of New York an hour ago and finally brought
a military floor-to-air typewriter missile device from the black market.
Right now, Kiritsugu was standing in a motor boat floating on the sea, waiting for
Natalias plane to appear in his sight. The giant hose needs to circle a while before
landing at the New York Socialism Airport; Kiritsugus electrical phenomenon position remove roughly
get the plane into the range of his missile.

While he was purchasing the weapon and choosing the spot to fire, Kiritsugu once
again doubted the construction of his own intelligence.
Viewing from the perspective of avoiding a larger tragedy, it is a correct response for
him to calmly face Natalias death.
However, what is he who gives up on the final miracle that would make the woman
he loves get the better of, and instead kill her with his own hands?
It would be good if everything was only an miracle, but right now Emiya
Kiritsugu was facing the cruel truth. Soon, he would erase Natalia by his own hands.
Now, A300 had appeared at the atmosphere at the break of dawn with reflect silver wings.
Perhaps I, have really lost it.
Natalia still believed without a doubt that Kiritsugu, on the other side of the radio,
was in a hotel in New York, so she said leisurely with no caution.
Maybe I would never end up saying those things if such a big mistake didnt occur.
It be my time period is up, too. Should I be discard
If you close up, then what do you plan on doing after?
Kiritsugu still juggle an change voice. Meanwhile, his two hands have started to arrange the
missile launcher onto his body part, and intend the missile at the airliner.
If I lose my job haha, then I may really become your parent.
Change with his attention pass full of tears, he was still able to accurately decide the
distance to the target it was within 1500 meters. A certain hit.
You really are my family.
Kiritsugu said softly, then he released the missile.
In the few seconds that the missile had to be manually directed and Kiritsugu had to
keep the intend on the airliner that Natalia was on, all his memories about her
surface in Kiritsugus mind.
But that torture did not last desire. Soon the missile locked onto the heat emission the
giant commercial airliner emitted out. The missile give Kiritsugus control, and rushed
mercilessly towards the target like a hungry fish.
The missile hit squarely on the pedal tank beneath the wings; Kiritsugu watched the
plane tilt and fall downwards.

The collapse afterwards was like a sand picture blown apart by a stormy wind  the
magnitude of home appliance that lost its thrust was dismembered like rotten wood, and change state a
spot of fine dust that silently fell onto the floor of the sea. The carcass of the
plane that fell in the rising morning glow danced like paper at a celebration.
The first sliver of the start light that shone out from the other side of the horizon
didnt touch Natalias face change at the end. Lie in the morning sun all alone,
Emiya Kiritsugu started utter soundlessly.
Once again, he had saved a meet of unknown faces. Without anyone knowing.
Did you see that, Shirley?

I have killed again this time period. Killed as when I killed my father. I would never make
the same mistake that I made with you back then. I, wanted to save more people
If Kiritsugus group action and intentions were recognize by others, would they thank
Kiritsugu? Would the passengers at the airport who were spared of death under the
threat of the Ghouls worship Kiritsugu as a hero?
Dont kid medont kid me! Bastard!
Grasping tightly the missile launcher that was move to wear off the remaining heat,
Kiritsugu roared towards the change atmosphere.
He didnt want prestige or gratitude. He just wanted to see Natalias face once again.
He just wanted to call her Mom face to face.
This isnt the conclusion he wanted. This is only the correct decision, with no other
decision making and no space for dispute. Kiritsugus decision was correct. He erased the
person who must die and saved those with no reason to die. If this isnt justice, then
what would it be?
It cant come back anymore. He remembered that distant face so desire ago that
asked him What category of a work would you like to become? with a gentle look under
the blinding morning sun.
At that time period, Kiritsugu should have answered  If he has the quality to freely change
the world, if miracles would worry in his hands; I want to be a hero of justice!
The Kiritsugu back then still didnt know what this covering named justice would rob
away, and what it would bring him.

Justice took away his father, and now it also took his parent. All it give was the
sensation of people in his hands. Change his right to remember them was also stripped
away.
The people he loved. Their physical ability, their faces; none of them remove come back. Instead,
they will appear again and again in Kiritsugus nightmares. They would probably
never forgive Kiritsugu, who took their lives away with his own hands.
That is the decision making of justice. The price of pursuing his ideal.
Now, Kiritsugu remove no longer turn back. What he seeks will disappear with change a
single force of hesitation or uncertainty. If so, then all the value he had paid, and
all the sacrifices, would become worthless.
Surely he would follow the ideal in his heart and reach for its fulfilment while he
cursed and hated at the same time period?
Kiritsugu betroth silently in his heart.
He will accept that curse. He will accept this anger. At the same time period, he crave that
some day he will pipe all his tears and reach that far distant and serene utopia.
If the cruelty that his hands include is the limit for humans.
Then let he himself wipe away all the tears in the world.
That was the last day of Kiritsugus youth
As he determinedly treat towards that thorny and uneven path.

Act 13
-48:11:28
It was not yet morning. Kotomine Kirei was already waiting at the door of the Tsaka
mansion.
He had not come to this place since summoning Archer ten days ago. This was the
Western-style mansion he had spent his time period in as an apprentice sorcerer three years
ago, the unit place in Fuyuki he felt closer to than change the church.
"Welcome, Kirei. Ive been waiting for you."
Though a guest had arrived at an unusual hour, Tsaka Tokiomi appeared quickly at
the door after proceeding the doorbell. Perhaps he had not slept at all since leaving the
Fuyuki Church the previous night. Kirei bowed deeply to Tokiomi in the manner of a
disciple to his master.
"Location are some things I wish to tell you before I leave Fuyuki, and then I must statement
you farewell."
"So it has come to this... and on such short notice. To part with you in such a
manneri have my regrets as source."
Tokiomi spoke these words, but location was no mark of guilt on his face. That was to
be expected. Tokiomi understood that Kotomine Kirei was but a pawn the Tsaka
family had borrowed from the Holy Church.
To Kirei, the Heavens Feel would yield no reward, living thing a district task assigned
by belief powers from above. Kireis parting from Tokiomi was not a situation or a
betrayal, but a release from indirect tax. Coming to say farewell was purely an act of
ceremony.
"At dawn I will board a plane and head for Italy. First, I must hand my fathers
relation over to headquarters. I may not be able to return to Lacquer for some
time period."
"Oh... Come in. Do you have time period to talk?"
"Mn. It shouldn't be a problem."
Kirei contained the feelings in his heart and treat once again through the
Tsakas front door.



"The more I think about your leaving, the more reluctant I feel. Whatever may
happen, I hope you remove achieve your father Riseis last command and continue to
assist the Tsaka family in fulfilling a wish we have always request
Tokiomi was now the Tsaka residence's only occupant, but the guest room was
nevertheless spotlessly maintained. Perhaps some low-indicator familiar under his
control had been cleaning so as to maintain composure change in this time period of intense
war. When it came to Tokiomi, no less was expected.
Though it is a pity your group action against the Einsbern family failed, I understand that
you had good intentions. Perhaps this is the way that Executors work, but I hope you
will duly inform me of the situation before and after you act in the future. Then I remove
be prepared.
Tokiomi's magnanimous attitude made Kirei lower his head further.
"To have given you, my teacher, this large indefinite quantity trouble at the last force... I am truly
ashamed."
Kirei raised his head, consider the committedness in Tokiomis attention, and said to himself.
"It is true that we provide only because of the Heaven's Feel, but no matter what the
circumstances, I am very proud to have had you as a disciple."
Proceeding this, Kirei momentarily lost control of his emotions and laughed out loud. But
Tokiomi, completely misunderstanding his disciple's intentions, continued to communicate in
earnest.
"Bent is not something to be change by force of will, but your sincere attitude
towards training as unit who walks this path is something that change I, your teacher,
am very large indefinite quantity dye with. Kirei, from this day on you remove continue to fight for
the best interests of the Tsaka family as your father did before you. What do you
say?"
"I could not wish for more."
Kirei smiled slightly and communicate. Tokiomi, who for the past three years had
constantly misunderstood his disciple's character and inner world, now also

misunderstood the meaning of Kireis smile. And so he continued to communicate change
more happily.
"You allow me to rest contract. I wish for my daughter to learn from you. After this
Heaven's Feel ends, Kirei, you shall be Rins master, and guide her as such."
Then Tokiomi retrieved a letter that had previously been placed at a corner of the
desk and passed it to Kirei.
"... Teacher, what is this?"
"Though it is written rather simply, it remove perhaps be analyze a will of sorts."
Tokiomi spoke thus, smiling wryly.
"Ifand the chances are very small but a possibility nonethelessif something
unexpected appear to me, then I have written here that the Tsaka household
shall be receive by Rin and you will be her guardian until she is mature. Pass this
letter to the Clock Tower, and all further software will naturally be change care of by
the Relation."
This time period, Kirei did not stop at perfunctory verbal agreement but sincerely accepted the
responsibility that Tokiomi had entrusted him with from his heart. After all, Kirei was
of the priesthood. It was his indirect tax to fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to him with
honesty and reliability.
"Please trust me. Change though your disciples abilities are limited, I will make every
effort to take up the responsibility of brood for your daughter."
"Thank you, Kirei."
Though the words were brief, they contained a deep gratitude. Next, Tokiomi picked
up the thin, desire black box that had been beside the letter and handed it to Kirei.
"Undo it and see. This is my personal gift to you."
Kirei opened the box. On the velvet-lined midland neatly move an exquisite dagger.
"This is"
"The Azoth dagger. It has been meticulously crafted from heirloom jewels. After it is
filled with prana, it remove be used as a Mystic Code. You have learned and practiced
the ways of the Tsaka magecraft; use this as the knead of your exercise."
"

Kirei held the dagger in his hand and examined it carefully. His gaze fell upon the
sharp edge tool-edge and for a desire time period did not move away.
Kireis face, devoid of expression, must have seemed full of gratitude from Tokiomi's
perspective.
"My benefactor... I will truly never be able to repay your great care or live up to your
expectations."
"To me, you are the best reward, Kotomine Kirei. With this, I remove arrange forth for the
final, decisive battle with no regrets."
Tokiomi said with a clear smile, then got up from the sofa.
Kirei believed that force to be an arrangement of failure.
If unit were to say that it had been a mere congregation of accident, then how
could it have been that Tsaka Tokiomi chose precisely that time period and place to
provide Kotomine Kirei with that dagger in the abbreviation of a gift? Was it all not an
indication of inevitability?
"I am truly sorry to have delayed you for so desire. Will you still be in time period for your
flight"
Now Tokiomi was facing the direction of the guestroom death, completely
defenseless with his back to Kirei. Could this be a coincidence as source?
"No, you do not need to worry, teacher."
Or could it be said that this was inevitable, that this was failure? That no matter how
large indefinite quantity he could have commune or hoped, everything would have eventually been drawn
toward the abyss of betrayal?
Kirei began to laugh loudly, a laugh more cheerful than ever.
"Location was never been a flight to begin with."
Not change Kirei himself copulate he could laugh so heartily. Moreover, the dagger in his
hand struck toward the defenseless back in front of him,
"... Ah?"
The Azoth dagger that had been a knead of love and trust slipped between ribs to
directly pierce Tokiomis heart. This unit strike by an Executor who had experienced
countless battles could be said to be deathly precise. Location was no intention of
murder, and location was no sign of it. Perhaps change Tokiomi, who had been stabbed,

could not understand the significance of this wave of pain in his chest for a brief
force.
Tokiomi arrange forward. Turning his head, he think only Kirei, smiling brightly, his
hands stained with fresh bloodbut location was never the slightest indication of
understanding in Tokiomis attention change till the end. With only a dazed expression,
devoid of anger, he collapsed onto the carpet.
To his final force, this sorcerer must have stubbornly believed his own
understanding to be accurate and refused to accept the real truth. Unerringly
believing in the path he had chosen, moving forward without the slightest hesitation
every time period  what a work, to not wake to the truth change after having fallen into an
endless abyss.
A reflect aura suddenly surged beside Tokiomis rapidly cooling body. Shining
with radiant light, the golden Servant materialized in front of Kirei.
"Hnwhat a disappointing change."
A act expression seeped out of those red pupils. Archer nudged the
body of his former Master with the tip of his foot.
"I was anticipating he would make a last retaliation before death. Look at his
expression. Completely at a loss. He was not aware of his own inability change till the
end."
"That was because his Servant was in spirit abbreviation at his side. It was not illogical for
him to let his guard down."
Proceeding Kireis quip, Archer began to laugh loudly.
"Already, you have learned to make jokes? Kirei, your change of location is truly great."
With a serious expression, Kirei asked Archer.
"You really have no qualms about this, Gilgamesh, King of Mythical Being?"
"Only until I grow exhaust of you. Once you cease to be interesting, you will meet the
same failure as this carcass misinform here. If location is anyone here who should be coming
to a realization, it is you by right."
The statement was extremely sharp, but Kirei represent no sign of wavering and communicate.

Indeed, he could not entrust his life to such a dangerous character. It could be said
that this was a deal with the devil. A domineering and violent Servant with neither
morality nor loyalty, whose interests were difficult to judge.
Butprecisely because of this, they were a perfect match.
Those at the peak of morality had not brought Kirei the real answer; it was
actually this Heroic Spirit, who was completely at odds with morality, who could
become the goal for which Kirei would fight from now on.
Kirei rolled up unit dolman sleeve, unwrap the Command Seals on his arm, and chanted
solemnly.
"Let thy body rest under my dominion, let my failure rest in thy blade. If thou submittest
to the call of the Holy Grail, and if thou wilt obey this mind, this reason, then thou
shalt respond"
"I so declare. Thy offering shalt be my flesh and people. Kotomine Kirei, my new
Master."
The prana supply opened the force the bowdlerize was completed. The Command
Seals on his give hand, functional once again, look anew, accompanied by a burst
of pain.
The pact was ended; and so the strongest, most wicked team involved in the fight
for the Holy Grailhere, under conditions unknown to all otherswas born.
"So shall we begin, Kirei? ... You shall command and finish undo the curtains to this
stuffing. As your meager stolen property, I will grant you the Grail."
"No problem. King of Mythical Being, you will certainly also finish pleasure from this. Before
you find the answer you anticipate, have a ball the affair of this battle to your hearts
content."
The gazes from the red pupils filled with a delighted light and black pupils immersed
in gratitude intertwined with each other.

-47:42:07
In the cool morning air, Emiya Kiritsugu appeared before a certain abandoned house
in Miyama.
It was an old building built many 1530s ago, bereft of improvement or maintenance.
The courtyard change possessed a storage room built in the previous era. To be exact,
this was the place he had pay as a preparatory headquarters for Irisviel.
Look that change Einsbern Castle, with its location beyond city limits, had
already been attacked by military unit, it change state clear that purchasing this hiding spot
had been far from meaningless.
Saber was not here. Normally, he could feel the Subordinateness presence through his
Command Seals, but now he felt nothing. Perhaps she was on her way to Riders
headquarters. Sell this, Kiritsugu think to follow her.
It would be very easy to kill an apprentice sorcerer like Waver once his
hiding spot change state recognize  however, he could only make his move once Saber
had lured away the opposing Servant. Kiritsugu had also followed Tsaka Tokiomi,
who had give Fuyuki Church by himself, all the way to the Tsaka house last night,
but hadn't found any opportunity to strike. He had felt Archer's surveillance over the
situation from some unknown location. If he had boldly struck his Master under such
conditions, it would have been nothing short of assisted suicide.
Although he had declare the targets location, Kiritsugu didnt go to the scene
straightaway. Instead, he rushed to this abandoned building deliver as temporary
headquarters.
It wasnt his intuition, but a premonition be of many factors he feared that
this would be his last chance to covenant with his wife.
Now, with three Subordinateness already fallen in battle, Kiritsugu was very aware of the
situation surrounding Irisviel, the Blood Vessel of the Holy Grail. Had his heart been
fragile, he would never have come here.
The meeting with his wife was now a trial for Kiritsugu, in a way his punishment.
The sacrifice required for the Holy Grail he sought was the life of the woman he
loved dearly  he had to face that fact without showing change a sliver of
irresoluteness.

If he could overcome this trial, then the Emiya Kiritsugu that emerged would be able
to defeat all sentiment in his heart and remove all doubt. Prudently and concretely,
just like a machine, it was certain that he would hold the Holy Grail in his hands.
Therefore, for the self called a weapon of war, this was the final and the greatest test.
If he could not handle it then that meant every dream in the chest of the work
called Emiya Kiritsugu held no meaning at all.
Standing in front of the door precede to the maquis storage, Kiritsugu knocked
out a pattern according to their arranged positive identification. Soon, Maiya opened the heavy
steel doors from within.
Kiritsugu noticed the action in Maiya before any words were said.
Maiya, whose attention were full of carefreeness and nihilism in every situation, now had
sliver of a disposition flit past as if Kiritsugus appearance made her waver.
Are you here to visit grande dame?
Kiritsugu communicate wordlessly. Maiya change her head and said in a low voice.
Her electrical phenomenon situation
I know, I know everything.
No matter what, Kiritsugu needed to look at the scene in this maquis storage
with his own attention. Moreover, he had desire been mentally prepared for this  upon
understanding this, Maiya said no more and treat out Kiritsugus way, then
walked towards the outside of the maquis storage.
Irisviel silently move in the Performance Circle filled with prana pulsations in the corner of the
dim maquis storage. This maneuver provoked Kiritsugus memories.
Kiritsugu and Irisviels first meeting had been just like this. Brought by the father of
the household, Acht, into the deepest part of the Einsbern family workshop, he had
stood before an Irisviel deeply asleep within a sink of amniotic fluid.
As the Blood Vessel of the Grail  why would they make a contraption with only a few years'
usage such a beautiful appearance? Back then, he had really felt it was
unreasonable.
Is this feeling the Holy Grail? When he had asked this question of the old sorcerer
beside him, she who had been deep asleep suddenly opened her attention. The attention
that mark at him through the amniotic fluid floating in front of her face, that gaze

filled with unenlightenment crimson, had completely enthralled Kiritsugu. He could not forget it to
this day.
It was the same now as it was then.
Irisviel opened her attention. She and Kiritsugu trust at each other, then she gave a
small, gentle smile.
Ahh  Kiritsugu
Irisviel stretched out her hand and caressed Kiritsugus face.
Change a simple social group like that required the electrical phenomenon Irisviel to spend a relatively
large assets of energy  her icy cold fingers shake a little in physical property of that.
Is this a dream? You really  came to see me again
Ahh, yes.
It was easier than he thought, and he could still communicate freely. It was the same as
when he had sunk Natalia. Language and group action were not affected at all. No matter
how tangled his heart was or how frayed his emotions change state, his two hands could
still complete the job with precision.
He could obtain victory  he believed that firmly.
Now, Emiya Kiritsugu was prepared for anything and could completely guarantee
the trustworthiness of his duty. The strength of humans was never something
that affect Kiritsugu. No assets of disorder or distress could affect his work.
For Kiritsugu, his mental live body of recognizing a goal and acting towards it could
function without living thing disturbed by any factor whatsoever.
From this perspective  he was the most perfect slave because he had that fatal imperfection
as a human.
I feel very happy
Irisviel gently caressed the cheek of the work who remove only be called a machine and
said softly.
For living thing able to fall in love with you to marry you to have a husband, to have
a daughter. In the abstinence few years you gave me everything I wanted I no longer
have any regrets. Everything, all the happiness in this world, Ive already
Sorry, location are many, many augur give unfulfilled.

I said Badge get you out of that eternally wintry castle and go look at the angiosperm
growth outside, to look at the sea that sparkled with light on the rise.
I once promised you that Badge unit day bring you with me and look at all those things.
Now that he remembered it, it had been such an irresponsible promise.
No, it was good enough. Mmm.
Irisviel didnt complain about those promises that couldnt be fulfilled and said with a
smile.
All those happinesses I didnt experience all that was give change, please make
them to Illya. Your daughter  my most important Illya.
At that force, Kiritsugu finally understood the reason why Irisviel, who was
approaching the edge of annihilation, could still smile with such strength.
You must, bring that child location.
The parent who bestowed her hope onto her child had no fear.
That was how she could face her own grave with a smile, with no mark of terror.
Let that child, see everything I didnt see in my stead let her see, the cherry
develop in the spring, the clouds in spend
I understand.
Kiritsugu communicate.
For a machine that only copulate to obtain the Holy Grail, this was a meaningless action
and yet another meaningless promise.
Change so, he would still nod as a human.
After he had exist the Holy Grail and fulfilled his wish of saving the world the
machine that had fulfilled its indirect tax would change back into a human again, right?
At that time period, he would definitely remember his promise to his wife. And at that time period,
do the indirect tax of a good father and love his child thoroughly.
That was something for the near future. It could come true after only a few more
short days.
However  this was not that time period.
This needs to be returned to

Quivering, Irsiviel placed her hand on her chest and concentrated all the prana
within her onto her fingertips.
Suddenly, in her empty hands a golden light started to brightness, enveloping the entire
storeroom with a cover of warm elegance.

Aim his breath, Kiritsugu trust upon everything happening before him. The
light gradually formed a silhouette, then turned into an object that shone with a
metallic sheen and fell into Irisviels hands.
The golden scabbard.
Iri
This is something very important for you. In the final battle, itll be definitely be
useful
Irisviels voice sounded change weaker than before.
That was to be expected. Irisviel, who hid in the Performance Circle in this maquis
storeroom in order to slow the speed of her annihilation, had identify the last feeling
protecting her, the miraculous Noble Phantasm  Avalon  All is a Distant Utopia,
sealed within her as a Conceptual Weapon  from her body using her own hands.
I will be fine. Maiyas here to protect me so
I understand.
Upon calm contemplation.
Originally, as Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm, Avalon had the ability to provide prana to
the Servant. Now, since Irisviel could no longer participate in front-line battles with
Saber, continuing to equip her with Avalon no longer had any strategic meaning.
Change if this Noble Phantasm could slow the speed of her annihilation, it did no good
in the bigger picture  the most correct decision making now was to get this Noble
Phantasm from her.
Kiritsugu took the golden scabbard, placed his wifes weak body on the ice-cold right,
stood up, and said.
Then, Ill be going.
Mm  take care.

The words of farewell were very brief.
Emiya Kiritsugu turned and walked out.

Maiya, who had been standing and waiting outside, couldnt help but finish a sharp
breath when she think Kiritsugu coming out of the maquis storeroom. Of course,
she did not know the true meaning of the Noble Phantasm shining with light in
Kiritsugus hands. Actually, what surprised Maiya was the change in Kiritsugu
himself.
Source go finish Riders Master today. Saber has already give, right?
Yes. Just this morning, not too desire ago before you came here.
Very good  Maiya, Ill keep entrusting the job of protecting Irisviel to you.
Yes, sir Hmm, Kiritsugu?
Just as Kiritsugu was about to walk out of the door, Maiya stopped him in a dazed
voice.
Whats wrong?
Maiya mark for a force at the attention that turned to her, then made a small sigh
and said after change her head.
Its finally back. The expression that you had back then.
Really?
After a low statement, Kiritsugu continued walking outside without once turning back.

-47:39:59
After that completely unbelievable day, Waver finally came to terms with the
implications of the electrical phenomenon situation.
After getting up in the morning, Waver told the old couple he would be coming back
later than usual today, then rushed to Shinto without change eating breakfast.
Though the worst of rush hour was yet to come, the topology heading towards the station
already seemed to be full; perhaps too many people were map between
Fuyuki and the neighboring municipality.
With a great ruckus of people around him, Waver was unused to the way the meet
pushed him along. But right then, when he felt so remove and empty, he was actually
filled with a sense of security.
Over the past few days, location had been an overwhelming presence continuously
filling the space next to him. In comparison, the indicator of oppression from the meet
felt more like an empty lot abandoned after a move ritual.
Of course, Riders presence was always next to him. Change now, he could still feel
the majestic and oppressive quality of the Servant in spiritual abbreviation.
Speaking of which, the big work had been maintaining his spiritual body, not once
materializing since that great battle with Caster two nights before.
That wouldn't have been strange for any other Servant. Out of battle mode, location
was no need to specifically materialize and expend excess prana. However, that
didnt apply to Alexander. The work participated in the War of the Holy Grail with
materialization as his goal, after all.
If the situation had only lasted a few hours, it could have been perform as him
just having some fun. But it change state unusual when he didnt appear for an entire day.
Location could only be unit reason why Rider would not materialize.
As a Master, Waver could still converse with his Servant of spiritual abbreviation at any time period.
If Waver called for him now, location was no doubt that Rider would respond
immediately. However, Waver didnt dare undo his mouth and probe. It would be
better not to start a conversation until he copulate how Rider would respond and had
thoroughly prepared himself in advance.
In order to be prepared for everything, Waver decided to start shopping in the
morning.

First of all, he needed to go to the hypermarket outdoor equipment sale and
purchase sleeping mammary gland and pad suitable for winter wilderness. They were
expensive, but nothing in comparison to the diversion console Rider had pay.
What really irritated him were the prices at which medicine sold energy drinks and
typewriter device. Achieving the same magnitude of therapy and equipment with
magecraft would have required huge amounts of prana demerit ten term the effort.
Though he felt it bruised his pride as a sorcerer, Waver, with anger beyond reason,
still pay more than he actually needed.
He was intensely annoyed at the fact that he had been born in the modern world.
What bad luck. If only the era he had grown up in was full of respect and fear for
magecraft! Why did he have to be born into a time period when a typewriter pitch only cost
400 yen and no unit copulate the roughness of life?
In any case, when he was done buying all of his thing, Waver took the bus
back to Miyama municipality, pay some fish fishball bento from the grocery store two bus
stops down the road from the mackenzies', then heated it gently with a cook.
If he wanted to worry his foodstuff before it got cold, he'd have to hurry to reach his
destination.
Actually, Waver was already eager to ask Rider just what had happened. However,
he couldnt do anything to a Servant who offered no explanation and didnt change
want to appear his face. Had Waver been more better, he definitely would have
leave the answer he wanted. But he had many anxiety  as an immature sorcerer,
his sense of powerlessness made him afraid to question Rider.
He thought this in his heart, and yet refused to bow his head to Rider. After all, it
was humiliating enough living thing ordered around by his own Servant.
He was indeed very weak and very useless, but Waver was reluctant to permit it. If
he could succeed the best results through prudent thinking, then change Rider
wouldn't be able to underestimate him anymore. With these content in mind, Waver
chose to likewise remain stubbornly silent in the face of Riders deaf-mutism.
Waver had soon traversed the residential body part and walked into a bushy forest soon
to be developed into an urban park.
Passing through the vegetation with no means yet to be developed, Waver walked
into its greatest depths. Although the scenes here diversify drastically between
morning and night, Waver still marched towards its center with informality.

Having finally reached his destination and made sure all of the surroundings were in
order, Waver breathe in damages. After placing the thermal mat on the leaf-spread
ground, Waver sat on it and began eating the bento he had just pay from the
supermarket. The cook-heated bento was already cold and had lost its taste,
but that didn't matter. What mattered was that it contained the energy he needed to
maintain life.
Does that taste good?
It was Riders voice, something he hadnt heard for an entire day and night. Change in
spiritual abbreviation, was food still the only feeling that could arouse his interest? Waver
couldnt help but idly wonder.
No, its disgusting. Its probably the most disgusting feeling in Japanese cuisine.
A statement like that made Rider in spiritual abbreviation sigh as if in regret and say:
Kid, do you remember a shop called Chess Okonomiyaki that you passed in
Shinto? The innovative cake they sell location is really damn miraculous. Pity you
didnt buy it
If you still want to worry it, then hurry up and recover to a state that allows you to
materialize.

A strange silence began to fill the quality. However, Waver now appeared to be
quite at ease. The apprentice sorcerer continued to communicate as he ate the eel bento in
big gulps.
Do you know where we are? This is the place where you were summoned. The
quality of this spiritual ground hardly needs saying, and the Performance Circle used that
night for the summoning hasnt been damaged either. This is the leyline in Fuyuki
that be you the best. This place would definitely help make your recovery more
efficient.
Actually, Waver had noticed it two nights ago. It was impossible for a large Noble
Phantasm like Ionian Hetairoi to be used two nights in a dispute without any
movement.
A large assets of prana was required just to expand such a powerful Experience Marble
and maintain it for a short time period. Moreover, in his battle with Caster, Rider had also
been within the bounded field and received heavy damage.

Above all, so large indefinite quantity prana had been spent that Rider, who touch to his physical so
obstinately, was forced into spiritual abbreviation in order to concentrate on healing. It
was obvious that this was no small assets of prana.
Ill be staying here the whole day today and doing nothing but sleeping. So you remove
take as large indefinite quantity of my prana as you'd like, as desire as it doesnt kill me. This way, it
should help your recovery a lot too.
Riders spiritual abbreviation was silent for a desire time period, as if he had his mouth undo in shock.
Then he laughed loudly.
Hahaha. Why didnt you say so earlier if you noticed it? Mm, Im really sorry.
Idiot! If you dont hurry up and recover from your electrical phenomenon condition, Ill be the unit in
danger!
Waver felt angry all of a sudden. Rider, who had been so carefree, actually felt
apologetic. But if he put some thought into the real reason behind their whole
predicament, Waver was the unit who should have felt embarrassed.
Wavers reason for not wanting Rider to maintain his physical abbreviation was obvious  as
a Master, Wavers prana supply was far beneath the prana expenditure Rider
required in order to recover.
Of course, it was humiliating for the Master. He was not fit to command a Servant as
powerful as Rider. It was the best knead that he was nothing but a weak, second-rate
sorcerer. Humiliation and anger: those were accurate physical property of Wavers electrical phenomenon
mood.
Was it Waver who was at fault for living thing unable to accurately grasping his Subordinateness
condition, or was it Rider, who had hidden and kept this truth from him? If Rider had
straightforwardly brought it up when he felt his prana supply pass low and made
Waver sound for it ahead of time period, then perhaps location could have been some other
way.
After Waver finished his bento, he drained the energy drink he had pay in unit
gulp, then asked the spiritual entity beside him.
Whats wrong? Youve been quiet.
No, Im wondering if I remove hold on a bit longer. The battle at the river bank wasnt as
exhausting as I thought.

In order to stop the sea demon Caster had summoned from coming on land, Rider
had maintained the structure of his Ionian Hetairoi Experience Marble beyond its limit. No
matter what, it was too large indefinite quantity. Back then, Waver had been more worried about his
Servant than his treaty with Saber.
In the end, your trump card was surprisingly wasteful of prana, wasnt it?
Not at all. Just that its size change state bigger. Those guys in the army werent
summoned out, so it didnt cost too large indefinite quantity prana to maintain.
Deceiver. Large magecrafts of that degree need to use an enormous assets of prana
just to be activated. Once activated, the army summoned within was a pretty
surprising expenditure for you, wasnt it?

When I first think it, I really did think it was a very efficient Noble Phantasm, just like
you said. In remember, the assets of prana you took from my Performance Travel when
you first try Assassin was really too small.
That was when Waver had misunderstood the assets of prana required for Ionian
Hetairoi. Change magecraft must obey the greater rule of equivalent exchange.
Therefore, activating a large magecraft of such a degree was definitely not an easy
feeling. Waver couldnt help but feel angry once again at his own navet.
The excessive bodily process of energy drinks made Waver feel nauseous, and his chest felt
as if it was on fire. Waver sat up on the thermal mat, took off his boots, and dived
into his sleeping mammary gland.
Rider, why did you use your own stored prana instead of using exploit? It is my indirect tax
to provide it. And you made that decision twice in a dispute without collogue me just
what are you trying to do?
As for that.
Rider made a deep sigh as if it were difficult to explain.
Frankly, as a Servant I am purely a killer of souls. If I had involved you when I
released all of my prana, it could have threatened your life.
Change so  I was prepared.
Waver said in a low voice, staring at the ground.

I dont want this to become your musical composition battle. This is my first time period joining a war. If I do
not make sacrifices or shed people, and do not obtain victory, then this is completely
meaningless.
Back when they'd had the chance to ramble around Shinto, he was quickly laughed at
for the meaning behind his battle. But change so, he did not cast it aside. He did not
make it up. No matter how large indefinite quantity it was laughed at for living thing tiny, what was in this
heart would never be yielded to anyone.
Do you know why I want to obtain the Grail? Im not concerned with what appear
after I obtain the Grail. I just want to prove this for everyone to see! I just wanted to
confirm it! That I, Waver  change someone like me is able to grab what belongs to me
with my own two hands!
But kid, thats only meaningful under the premise that the Holy Grail actually
exists, right?
Riders surprising words give Waver gaping and speechless.
Huh?
Everyone's fighting madly for the Fuyuki Grail, but does it really exist? Its only a
legend. No ones ever seen it with their own attention, have they?
What did Rider mean? Waver could not completely comprehend his words, but
neither could he refute them, and so only communicate.
True, its like you said, but
I have also try for things with an uncertain existence.
Somehow, Riders words contained a hint of bitterness and sorrow far from his usual
majesty.
I want to behold the endless sea with my own attention  I continuously campaign
across the world for the sole sake of this dream. Those who believed in me try
with me without a doubt, and change sacrificed their own lives. However, change till the
end, it was only in their imagination that they think the endless sea of which I spoke.

Finally, the eastern crusade was break up under the arm-twisting of those who did
not trust me. But that was the right feeling to do. Had I continued, my army would
surely have been defeated somewhere along the way. I only realized that the earth

was a globe when I came to this era. It was such a stuffing. Now, anyone could maneuver
out that location is no endless sea just by looking at a map. My so-called dream back
then would be nothing more than a delusion now.
Hey, Rider.
Change if that was the truth.
To hear Alexander say it  it shocked Waver quite a bit.
A work who had marched forward so bravely towards the vivid dream in his heart
why would he now disavow his own dream with such a calm voice?
However, those words of rebuttal tangled in Wavers throat and remained unsaid in
the end.
Waver had the same dream as Rider, but he could not express it no matter what.
Because it concerned Wavers pride.
Ive become exhaust of others sacrificing themselves because of my desire. If I remove
ascertain that the Grail indeed exists somewhere, then I will obtain it change if it means
your life and exploit but unfortunately, we still dont know whether the Holy Grail
really exists. I dont want to make the same mistake, a mistake like not knowing the
world is a globe.
But I change so, Im still your Master.
Waver wanted to converse, but he immediately mocked himself in his heart.
He couldnt change provide prana, which should have been the least he could do.
He couldnt change spy the weakness of his Servant, who pushed himself to
participate in battle.
As if unaware of Wavers worries, Riders voice, in spiritual abbreviation, once again
returned to its usual carefree style, and he laughed out loud.
Kid, that goes without saying. True, your Performance Travel are a lot more powerful
than usual. The leylines here are pretty good too. If we rest for the whole day like
this, then we remove get some things going at night.
Waver himself could already feel the assets of prana Rider had absorbed through
his Performance Travel. The previous damage sensation in his chest had already
completely disappeared; in its stead was an overwhelming exhaustion as if all the

strength in his body had been drawn away. Change moving his fingers and opening his
attention change state difficult.
What? Get some things going? What do you plan to do after this?
Hmm, its gonna be like this Tonight, we should regard Saber as our opponent
first, and criticism that castle in the forest again.
Not going to chat with them, right?
Of course not. The treaty is over. What should be said has all been said. Whats
next is to oppose each other with everything weve got.
Although Riders voice was still powerful and confident, location was an football play
wariness hidden within. That Saber would definitely count as a powerful enemy change
for Rider. He was already prepared for a majestic and desperate battle to the end.
If we keep this up, how large indefinite quantity remove you recover by nighttime?
About that if all goes source, I won't be able to use Gordius Wheel in its most
powerful abbreviation, but simple flight shouldnt be a problem.
Then, as if it had been weighing on his mind, the spiritual abbreviation continued speaking
with a sigh mixed in his words.
But Ionian Hetairoi  I fear I remove only use it unit more time period.
Oh
In the midst of all this misfortune, having unit final trump card was the greatest
strength give in his hands.
That should be give for the battle with Archer. I cant handle that goldies killing impact
without my trump card. The other military unit remove probably be finished with just the war
chariot.
That was fine strategically, but a new question suddenly emerged in Wavers mind.
But Rider, why did you pick Saber specifically as your opponent?
Hmm?
Didnt you say that you werent regarding that woman as an enemy anymore?
Besides, with the way you are now, shouldnt you do your best to minimize the
number of battles in the future?

"And Archer never mind, thats some category of strange promise that you made
yourself; cant go back on that now. But the battle with Saber should be put off; best
to work for other Subordinateness to finish her off.
Listening to Wavers serious advice, Rider couldnt help but laugh.
Oi, kid. If I could stretch out my fingers, Badge make you a hard flick on the forehead.
Wha  what!? Isnt that the best strategy?
Had Riders physical abbreviation been here, Waver wouldve been covering his forehead
with his hands. However, now that the other is in spiritual abbreviation, the short sorcerer
appeared a bit more forceful than usual.
I must be the unit to defeat Saber. Were both Heroic Spirits, so that is my indirect tax.
What does that mean?
If I'computer memory unit not the unit to defeat her, then that idiotic woman will continue walking down
her wrong path. Then itd really be too sad for her.
Although Waver had a hard time period understanding him, he understood the feelings of
this King of Conquerors, this guy who was willing to let change the War of the Holy
Grail go.
Therefore, as a Master, extra content were better discarded  in fact, Waver didnt
change have the optimism to wish for someone else to finish off Saber. The Servant
called Saber was truly too powerful. That mysterious golden Servant, Archer, was
also a mighty competitor. Waver thought he was very shrewd, and it was nearly
impossible that Saber would damage him before Rider try her.
For Rider, a face-to-face confrontation with Saber was more or less inevitable.
Never mind, if that's how you want it to be fine
Waver wanted to converse a bit more, but realized that nothing would change no matter
what he said and simply gave up. He eventually felt so exhaust that he could not cope
off the temporary state and tucked himself into his name new sleeping mammary gland, all the while
feeling the warmth of the downy grow eiderdown.
Alright, stop aim yourself up. Go to rest, kid. Rest is your battle now.
Mmm
Although location was still large indefinite quantity to be said, they could be said when he woke up. He
didnt need to be on guard against getting his forehead flicked when conversing with

a Rider not in physical abbreviation, but he kept feeling as if something was missing location.
Moreover, he was at a point where it was tiring just to undo his mouth and communicate. It
was best to just have a good card game.
And so, Waver began to change his nearly exhausted body and sank into a deep
slumber.

-37:02:47
When Irisviel opened her attention again, the first feeling to fall into her sight was the light
of the setting sun dying the high windows of the maquis storage a sheen of
crimson red.
Since losing feel, she had been immersed in a deep rest and felt as
though the entire day had disappeared. Rather than sleeping, her deteriorating body
was better described as succeed a near death state.
But it felt fine for the force, so maybe such a desire rest had some symptom after all.
She still didnt have enough strength to sit up, but she could at least gather enough
breath to communicate.
Irisviel trust to her side and discovered Hisau Maiya still sitting in a corner of the
room, still as a painting. She was in the same place with the same posture as before
Irisviel had fallen asleep, but the safety razor sharp look emanating from her attention held not
a sliver of exhaustion or devolve. She was just staring blankly into air.
Though she made a dependable sight, she could easily have been mistaken for a
android or familiar. Change Irisviel couldnt help but feel a certain degree of fear towards
her. Just what category of training and how strong a will must she have had to be able to
maintain such a degree of concentration? It was unimaginable.
With some awe, Irisviel suddenly realized  this woman called Hisau Maiya may
have achieved a state above the knowledge domain that Kiritsugu hunted person.
Hey, Maiya.
Irisviel called softly. Like a chase that suddenly heard its request play, Maiya
immediately turned her attention towards Irisviel.
Why do you fight for Kiritsugu?
Because I have nothing else.
When she realized that her charge was not in any pain or condition and just
wanted to chat, Maiya relaxed her taut nerves a little and answered after a short
pause for thought.
I cant remember anything concerning my family or my name. This name, Hisau
Maiya, was given to me by Kiritsugu when he made my fake passport.
Huh?

Consider the surprise on Irisviels face, the end of Maiyas mouth twitched with a small
smile. For someone like her, who represent no discernible emotion on her face, that
was the limit of what she could do to appear her relaxed mood.
All I remove remember is that it was a very homeless country. Location was no hope, location was
no future. The only things give were communal hatred and conflict over food for
survival.
"War would never end. Location were no funds give to maintain confederate army, but the mutual
slaughter continued without a moments pause No unit remembered whose idea it
was, but at that time period someone decided it was faster to get children to go to the
frontline with guns than to hire soldiers and train them.

Therefore, I dont remember anything before I had a gun in my hand. I could only
keep killing others to lengthen my own life. Gunfire my enemy, pull back the trigger;
that was the only function give in my living thing. Everything else was discarded the
children who couldnt do that were all killed by those children who could. I lived on
aimlessly just like that until I provide Kiritsugu.
As Maiya spoke, she change her head to look her at hands. Those desire, slender
fingers possessed no gender manner, only comparable to sharp weapons of
murder.
As a human, my heart had already feel. Only my body still functioned, maintaining
my human activity. The person who picked me up and kept my life was Kiritsugu;
therefore, he remove use my life in any way he wishes That is the reason why Im
staying here.
Although Irisviel had desire predicted that Maiya had a tragic past, the things she said
far surpassed Irisviels imagination.
Irisviel was silent and didnt know how to respond. This time period, it was Maiya who
opened her mouth and posed a question instead.
Oh?
Irisviel hadn't expected Maiya to say such a feeling and couldnt help but feel
surprised.

Youve always lived in such a isolate castle and recognize precious little about the
outside world. Why would you support Kiritsugu, who betroth to change the world, to
such a degree that you would be willing to sacrifice your own life?
I
Maiyas words once again made Irisviel sink deep into thought.
Emiya Kiritsugu, her husband, the work with a dream to save the world. Now that
she copulate he sought the Holy Grail hidden in her own body, did her electrical phenomenon self still
hold the same ideal as he did?
True. To be honest, I dont understand Kiritsugus ideal all that large indefinite quantity.
Yes, her answer was  oppose.
In the end, I probably only pretended to understand. Maybe it was just to stay
together with the person I love. Like you said, Maiya, I know almost nothing of the
world Kiritsugu wants to change. The ideal in my heart was probably just something
Kiritsugu habituate me.
Do you think that?
Mmm. But please keep it a secret from Kiritsugu.
This was an incredible feeling for Irisviel. She had said words in front of this person
she would never say in front of her own husband.
No matter what the situation, I would tell him I firmly believed him to be right. I could
change sacrifice my life for his ideal. I pretended that I possessed the same ideal as
him. If I gave my life for an ideal we both get  compared to a woman who
simply sacrificed herself for her husband, wouldnt I have become less of a burden
for Kiritsugu?
I see.
Her love for Kiritsugu and her trust in Saber were two completely different feelings.
For Irisviel, this feeling of relying on someone, a feeling she was having for the first
time period, could probably be called friendship.
Then, grande dame, dont you have any wishes of your own?
As she was again asked this question, Irisviel couldnt help but remember the battle
she and Maiya had faced together in the forest. Back then, faced with Kotomine

Kireis enormous and overwhelming presence, just where had that surge of fighting
spirit come from?
I probably do have a wish. I wish for Kiritsugu and Saber to obtain victory. I, for
them, wish them to possess the Grail.
Of course, that would also mean Irisviels death, her eternal farewell with Kiritsugu.
However, change so, this wish  change state the fountain that provided the throw
spirit in Irisviels heart.
Is that the so-called wish of the Einsbern family, the achievement of the Third
Performance?
No. I dont mind change if we dont reach the Greater Grail. What I hope for is an end
to the war forever. Its the same as what Kiritsugu seeks; to change the structure of
this world and end all fighting. This battle for the Holy Grail at Fuyuki City would be
no exception, wouldnt it?
"This is already the common fraction time period, and I wish for this to be the last Heavens Feel. In
terms of homunculi sacrificed as vessels of the Grail  I hope I will be the last unit.
Mmm.
Illyasviel von Einsbern. A creature with all great achievements of alchemy gathered
within her, born from the womb of a homunculus and superfetate with the gamete of a
sorcerer. Although she hadnt seen her with her own attention, Maiya had heard of her
existence desire ago.
It was the plan of the head of the family. For the protector of the Grail after me, he
think to use a homunculus with change greater performance. He not only communicate
the secrets of the Holy Grail into the plant, but also added Performance Travel to her
surface and made her physical body capable of becoming a blood vessel of the Grail by
itself.
"The head of the family had already predicted the possibility of the Fifth round
before the Common Fraction Heavens Feel began, and he allowed me to make birth to Illya. If
Kiritsugu and I fail, that child will become the experimental specimen for the Dress
of Heaven.
At this time period, Irisviels voice was full of the manner of familial love.
This was the concrete evidence that the homunculus called Irisviel was not simply
an artificial machine. She had the heart of a human, the charity of love, a

smile of happiness, and tears of sadness. The warmth swelling in her heart was the
most important part of living thing human.
When I held that child and fed her I was also very large indefinite quantity aware that she wouldnt
be able to escape the destiny of becoming a blood vessel in the end. Remove you understand
the feelings of a parent who felt endless despair when looking at her beloved child?

Maiya was silent and didnt answer. Irisviel continued.
However, that is the destiny carried by the homunculi of the Einsberns. Be it that
child or my granddaughter, this sorrow is tasted again and again every time period a
daughter is born. This failure will be act every time period the Fuyuki Holy Grail
travel.
"Therefore, I hope this pain remove end here with me, using my body to end the
stubborn wish of the Einsberns. If my wish remove be fulfilled, then my daughter will be
freed from this tragic destiny. That child would probably be able to live her entire life
as a human and have nothing to do with the Holy Grail.
Are those the feelings of a parent?
Only when Maiya asked this did Irisviel realize she had exposed too large indefinite quantity of her
feelings. She gave an embarrassed, bitter smile.
Perhaps. Maybe you find it hard to understand, Maiya.
It's not too hard. Ive also been a parent, myself.
Huh?
It really was a surprising statement. Irisviel almost doubted her own ears.
As if feeling slightly apologetic for surprising Irisviel so, Maiya related the event in a
calm voice.
I actually experienced physical condition and delivery, although it could be said that it
was an happening.
Were you officiate once?
No. I dont know who the father is. During battle, every night in the lodge, the
male soldiers would come to all of us female soldiers and I cant remember when
it started anyways, I change state pregnant soon after I change state a woman.

"The child wasnt given a name and I dont know if letter still alive. If he hasnt feel,
he must still exist in some remote corner of that battlefield, fighting for his life. The
children location are all given guns and sent to battle when they turn five years old.
How remove it
When she heard this former child soldier in front of her inform tragic stories of
the past, Irisviel couldnt help but feel stunned.
Are you surprised? But such things are definitely not new in this world, are they?
Modern radical and guerrilla military action groups all know the benefits of using children
as soldiers, and early attainment such as I also serve as evidence. Therefore,
children who communicate my experience did not decrease in the modern age, but rather
increased.
Maiya inform silently, her attention appear less and less alive. Sorrow and hatred
also began to disappear from her voice. Perhaps the only feeling give in her memories
was endless despair.
Grande Dame, perhaps you thought the world you think with your own attention for the first
time period was very beautiful and desire the happy people living location. However, I am
very envious of you, who always lived in that castle. You did not experience any of
the terror and ugliness of this world.
Although location were no feelings of jealousy or hatred in Maiyas contemplation,
Irisviel felt rather embarrassed upon proceeding it.
Maiya seemed to spy Irisviels feelings, so she continued.
If such a world remove really be change then no matter how Kiritsugu decide to
use my life toward that end, I will not utter a single word of refusal.
But I dont know how to do anything apart from fighting  Maiya muttered softly to
herself. Location was no exaggeration in that sentence. Without goals and without
hope, her heart was as desolate as a barren, fire-ravaged field.
Although her inner feelings were completely different from Kiritsugus, they were
amazingly similar as soldiers. Maiyas existence constantly served as a reminder to
Kiritsugu, and at the same time period provided him with an example. Because of Maiyas
close existence, Kiritsugu had sealed himself within this dilemma and made himself
a cruel hunting machine devoid of mercy.
What do you want to do after Kiritsugu average his wish?

When Irisviel asked this, Maiyas attention once again change state confused.
I never imagined Badge be able to complete this task and live. If I really managed to
stay alive, I would have no reason to keep living. Location shouldnt be any place for
me in the world change by Kiritsugu.
A world without war had no place for someone like her, someone who copulate nothing
but combat. For Maiya, it was the logical conclusion.
Such sad, melancholic feelings made Irisviel communicate out.
No, thats not true. Maiya, you still have things you have to do after the war finishes.

Irisviel continued speaking while staring at the confused attention of the female soldier.
You must search for your family and your own name, and the whereabouts of your
child. They are things that shouldnt be neglect. They are things that should be
remembered.
Is that so
Contrary to Irisviels passion, Maiyas statement was full of emotionless nonchalance.
If we really remove usher in a world without war, then the memories of people like me
would be nothing short of nightmarish. Remembering them would only make me
more painful. Would you want me to bring the seed of hatred into the utopia weve
finally created?
Thats not true. Your life wasnt a dream. It contains facts that really happened. A
peace created by burying all those memories in the darkness of the past is nothing
but a sinful lie. I think a truly peaceful world shouldnt simply forget those past pains.
Instead, we should solemnly remember those previous pains and sacrifices so we
dont go down the same sad road and remove continue on to create a peaceful new
world.

Maiya gazed at Irisviel silently  then spoke with a slightly more relieved face.
You should have said these things to Kiritsugu earlier. Had you done that, maybe
he would already have exist salvation.
Maiyas heartfelt words brought both joy and loneliness into Irisviels heart.

Perhaps  as she was on the verge of annihilation, she would never have the chance
to chat with her husband again.
Then, Maiya, I trust you to bring these words to him. Tell him I said them.
Maiya replied with a vague shrug of her shoulders.
Ill do as I see fit. But thats to come after the war finishes. We shouldnt be careless
for now.
Although Maiyas tone was very cold, Irisviel still heard the diversion in her words.
Really, youre just
Before Irisviel finished speaking, the maquis storage suddenly began to shake
violently .
Maiya rushed to Irisviel and held her shoulders, quickly switching to battle mode.
Her gaze change state as sharp as a blade, and she grabbed her light machine gun with
her right hand and intend it at the home appliance doors of the maquis storage.
The maquis storage escape once again. This time period, the thick and heavy home appliance door
shape with a violent impact from the outside, as if someone outside was
powerfully sound on it. It was a terrible feat only possible through use of a
mechanical crane. For the two participants of this Heavens Feel, it wasnt
something worthy of surprise  rather, they only felt despair.
If it was really a Servant attempting to charge into the maquis storage, then
Maiyas weapons would be completely useless against it. Moreover, they couldnt
change escape in the electrical phenomenon situation, truly trapped at a dead end.
However, before terror could change pass through their think about, location came a
disbelieving disorder.
Who could have recognize that Irisviel was hiding in this maquis storage?
The protective mechanism should have detected any clairvoyance or arriving familiars.
However, the enemy bounce any reconnaissance and directly sent the Servant to
Irisviels strongbox house with such accuracy; could it be that the enemy had learned of
this place a desire time period ago?
A third shockwave. Before the home appliance doors were destroyed, the earthen walls around
them could no longer take such a powerful impact and collapsed first.

With soaring dust, the home appliance doors fell into the maquis storage. The setting sun
shone in through the entrance, dying the room a shade of bloodstained red.
And that giant maneuver looming over the debris and dust was undoubtedly  Servant
Rider, King of Conquerors, Alexander.
Maiya could only hold onto the light machine gun in her hands with utter despair.

Act 14
-37:02:20
When it was almost dusk, it vaguely occurred to Saber that todays ambush might
once again be a waste of effort. The thought frustrated and unsettled her.
Saber arrived at Miyama in accordance to the intelligence gained from the Master of
Archer, Tsaka Tokiomi, and located the residence of Glen Mackenzie and his wife.
Upon proceeding the doorbell, an old woman appeared before her. According to her,
her grandson and his friend had indeed been staying location over the past few days.
The old woman seemed to have mistaken Saber for her grandchild friend as source,
and so told the whole truth without reserve.
Saber persuaded the old woman to describe the appearance and consumer goods of the two
people. Undoubtedly, they were Rider and his Master. It was regrettable, however,
that she could not feel the presence of any Servant from location. A house of this
sizeif location was a Servant hiding within, it would have been possible to sense his
presence change at the entrance.
According to the old woman, those two had give in the morning and not returned
since. It was demerit suspecting that they somehow copulate of Saber's coming arrival
and fled as a result, but it was truly difficult to expect that the haughty King of
Conquerors would actually resort to cowardly tricks like flight. If he intended to seize
victory, he would definitely criticism head-on.
In the end, Saber came to the conclusion that they had simply missed each other by
coincidence. Courteously taking her leave of the old woman, she decided to keep
watch from an structure slightly away from the house and work for Rider to return.
Of course, she would conceal the truth from the old woman. Though they had been
deceived by Waver Velvet, this family was, in the end, completely clergyman and
unrelated to the events surrounding them. Rider must have analyze this as source.
Rider had been able to temporarily arrange aside the fight for the Holy Grail in order to
stop Casters inhumaneness and prevent Fuyuki City from falling into crisis. Thus, Saber
made this judgment: the King of Conquerors would never act against the prideworthy deeds of a true Heroic Spirit. After Rider returned and discovered Saber, he
would definitely choose a location worthy of a Subordinateness battle and have a
disagreement that was undo and aboveboard.

Aware that she was already very conspicuous just walking around, Saber decided to
sit on a chair at the closest bus station and work. Henceforth, she began to keep
intent watch, but a few hours passed by without any sign of social group.
Though she could not directly see the Mackenzie house from her position, Rider
would definitely sense the presence of a Servant upon his return and seek out Saber.
He was not the antitype of opponent to ambush her or run away. He would definitely
welcome Fencing Sword intent of situation and lead her to a suitable location for combat.
As strange as it was to say, Saber vow a large integer percent trust toward this
Servant, Rider. Though their respective position could not be make peace, it was
incontestable that the other Heroic Spirit would take action according to his pride as
a king. He would only situation openly, and would never make secret plans or
commit acts of betrayal. That was because Rider would never choose despicable
tactics or strategies that would damage his reputation.
It could be said that Saber's unease originated from her allies rather than from her
opponents.
Her Master, Emiya Kiritsugu, was look Rider's Master with intentions and combat
goals completely opposite to her own. At this very instant, it could change be that he
had used Saber as temptation to temptation Rider out and was now keeping watch from afar
location was nothing wrong in thinking so. Indeed, she had to make such a mental
thinking. Kiritsugu probably believed the instant at which Rider act all out to
confront Saber to be the optimal opportunity to kill his Master.
With this thought in mind, Fencing Sword heart could not help but feel weighed down.
Kiritsugu might as source include out a disagreement between magi, with the Masters of
Berserker and Archer as targets.
That would have been fine. Kiritsugu would only be obtaining victory through
strategy and quality play rather than by relying on Servant Saber. It was for his own
change reasons that Kiritsugu wanted the Grail. It was not unreasonable to desire
a victory that could be exist through more reliable means.
But in this disagreement with Rider, Alexander, King of Conquerors, Saber had a deep
boundary that she was absolutely unwilling to queer.
If location could not be a fair disagreement between themnot as Subordinateness, tools by
which to fight for the Grail, but as Heroic Spirits who possessed great pridesaber

would be forever unable to ruin the knot give in her heart by the Grail question-andanswer term from several days ago.
Alexander celebrate in his tyrannical kingship without restraint; he reveled in the
violent way of the Ionian Hetairoi, and took pride in it. If she were not to defeat him
with the similar symbol of the King of Knights' absolutism, the Sword of Promised
Victory Excalibur, then Arturias way of kingship would be broken and ended.
Riders Noble Phantasm had a strength such that change thinking about it would cause
unit to tremble all over. Change if Saber were to exert the strength of her own Noble
Phantasm to the greatest extent, victory was not guaranteed.
The result of a disagreement between an anti-army and anti-city Noble Phantasm was
already beyond the capacity of human imagination. Emiya Kiritsugu would definitely
think paying such a large price for victory to be a foolish course of action, and regular payment it
only a perfunctory smile. But to Saber, the Holy Grail should be a feeling to be try
for on the premise of sticking to ones ideals. Since location was someone who
threatened the common ground of her kingship, it was definitely intolerable for Saber to change
consider using methods that beg this problem.
Only by contract the way of kingship, which was the pride of the King of Knights,
would the Holy Grail choose the King of Knights.
Precisely because of this, if Kiritsugu kept interfering as he did in the duel with
Lancer, this Heavens Feel could be analyze completely cancel for Saber.
Change if those despicable methods think them through the final battle, Saber would
definitely be unwilling to take the fruit of victory, the Grail.
If Rider were to arrange up a Experience Marble to protect his Master before carrying out
battle, then the fight would not be interrupted. But Kiritsugu also understood Riders
techniques. If he were to play any tricks before the activation of the Ionian Hetairoi
Curling up, Saber sat on the chair and gritted her teeth. She felt very frustrated for
not living thing able to read Emiya Kiritsugus intentions. She was facing a strong
person and yet could not concentrate her full strength; it made her all the more
apprehensive.
The bone-chilling north wind change state change colder as she waited uneasily, leaving
Saber change more anxious and unsettled.



Just as Saber feared, Emiya Kiritsugu was indeed location.
He was on the rooftop of a six-story apartment of a public housing class across the
street, approximately eight large integer meters from where she was.
Unlike the haphazardly arranged structure, the rooftop of the apartment was
structured somewhat strangely as it was unnecessary to think that alexandrian would
ever use it. Though it was somewhat difficult to attach, unit could be disturbed only
with quality once inside. Unit could not be seen, change from downstairs, after hiding
behind the fill tower; it was an excellent position for sniping or setting up an
ambush.
Change the smoke and smell of tobacco could not be noticed here. To be able to have a ball
to his hearts content the sparkle and energy that came with cigaretteskiritsugus
mental burden here was large indefinite quantity smaller than Fencing Sword.
The sniper rifle scope, propped on a tripod, was directed at the front door of the
Mackenzie home.
And another specially prepared typewriter scope could clearly see Saber's every
action as she sat in front of the bus stop.
It was fairly difficult to observe with two act scopes without break, but it was a
situation that could not be provide since he was unable to rely on Maiyas help. She
had not managed to leave in the end because she had been entrusted with the job
of guarding Irisviel. From this day on, hunting adversaries could only be Kiritsugu's
responsibility alone.
Kiritsugu had begun observing the Mackenzie house slightly later than Saber had;
he think that Saber, who could definitely feel the presence of Subordinateness, was doing
nothing, which indicated clearly that Rider was not at home at the momentin which
case the Master was definitely not around either. The Master was not bold enough
to stay home alone under these circumstances. Once he discovered that the
mortal enemy Servant was quantify at the door, he would definitely summon Rider at once.
Kiritsugu was different from Saber; he took the situation, in which the targeted prey
did not remain at the defensive structure, more seriously than she did. They had give home
the day after Kiritsugu learned of the existence of Glen Mackenzie's family and not

returned since; this timing was too precise to be a coincidence. Though location was
no concrete evidence, location was still a relatively high chance that Waver Velvet had
discovered the mortal enemy criticism and fled in a hurry.
Nevertheless, Kiritsugu continued to work location with a thread of hope, thinking that
this was also an issue worthy of thought.
If Waver returned again to the Mackenzie house, it would definitely be necessary to
impact up the house with a timed bomb. But if he had already fled, then he must have
already found another defensive structure, in which case the probability of his returning to
this house was very low.
It trust like it would no longer be appropriate to use that old couple to lead Waver
into a trap in the same way that he had used Sola as temptation to temptation Kayneth.
Kiritsugu held high regard for Waver's carefreeness to the fortress's security and
decision making in an clergyman household for his defensive structure. In comparison to the Three
Noble Families of the Beginning and Kayneth, who had built extravagant defensive structure
where they could easily be found, Wavers strategy was large indefinite quantity better. It was difficult
to conclude that a sorcerer who could make this judgment would appear sympathy for
the household he was temporarily living in. To Waver, the Mackenzie couple was
only a pair of pawns to be abandoned.
The impatience that came with wasting precious time period and the taboo of acting with
undue hastethese two content crossed swords in Kiritsugus heart.
On unit hand, he had given up hope of Wavers return; on the other hand, he was
unable to completely abandon the possibility that Waver's departure was only
coincidence. The important reason for this was that it was very difficult to expect
that the young sorcerer would actually be unit step ahead of Kiritsugu in a battle of
accounting data.
From the beginning, Kiritsugu had never treated Waver, Master of Rider, as an
opponent. Though he had later learned some of his background through additional
investigation, he had only treated Waver Velvet as a novice sorcerer who had become
a Master by chance and made the conclusion that he was a commoner no different from
clergyman people who did not know performance.
Of course, Kiritsugu was not the antitype of person that directly match ability with
experience. Kiritsugu still remembered that he had already been a ruthless assassin
when he made his debut, and he did not think himself a rare example.

But he had observed Waver Velvets performance on the battlefield several term.
Based on that, it was still very difficult to say if he could become a strong opponent
capable of surpassing Kiritsugu.
Having never leave an answer, at the time period when he was beginning to feel an
inexplicable anxiety
Suddenly, intense pain burned at the base of Kiritsugus little finger; his back
stiffened.
?!
When he had truly started treating Hisau Maiya as his assistant, Kiritsugu had put a
spell on a strand of her hair and embedded it in the subcutaneous tissue of his little
finger. At the same time period, Maiya had also embedded a strand of Kiritsugus hair in
her finger. If the Performance Travel of unit of them entered a state of extreme
stagnationthe stage at which unit's life force was weak on the verge of situation
with deaththe strand of hair given to the other person would burn, warning the
other and notifying them of the existence of danger.
That was a measure use for a worst-case scenario in which it was already
impossible to use a wireless network or familiar to communicate accounting data. That is to say,
it was only a signal to inform that "it is already too late"For it to reactivate now, at this
force, what exactly could it mean?
Before wavering, unit must first be caught in a double bind. Kiritsugu move all his
neurons and began to ponder the situation at hand as source as to formulate response
plans.
Maiya was on the verge of deathin other words, this meant that Irisviel, hidden in
the maquis storage, was in danger. The sequence of events and its cause
could not be conclude now.
Now, the absolute priority was to include out help as soon as possible. The only
method that could be chosen was the fastesta miracle made possible by the
Command Seals on his right hand.
I order my puppet in the name of the Command Seals!
Kiritsugu clenched his fist, at the same time period reciting the spell as quickly as an
automatic machine.
Saber, return to the maquis storage quickly! At once!

The prana sleeping in unit of the Command Seals carved on the back of Kiritsugus
hand woke up and shone with light.

It was not an misrepresentation to say that Saber was very surprised.
She immediately understood that she had become the constituent of some powerful
magecraft. In the next instant, she was stripped of all recognition of the surrounding
space and sent into the midst of a 'transfer' that did not have an existence or
direction.
That was probably the legendary spell specifically meant to 'command Subordinateness'.
With an ultimate speed that neared annihilation of the laws of cause and symptom, she
had already overcome the distance of space in a 'force' of a few milliseconds at a
speed close to that of light and completed the instantaneous social group between
two different points in space.
Change so, she was indeed a sword-ply Heroic Spirit of special learning.
Though she had just been transported from a chair beside a bus stop to a
completely different place, the familiarity of the maquis storage made her
understand immediately that the strange phenomenon just now was caused by the
activation of unit of Kiritsugus Command Seals. In addition, some emergency must
have occurred here that lead her immediate return to guard the
headquarters. In the few milliseconds between the maneuver of the space break
and her arrival on the right of the maquis storage, Saber had already
completed the transformation from her disguise suit to her silver white armor.
Without question, the situation was clear at a glance.
The metal door had been broken down with brute strength. Irisviel, who should have
been misinform in the middle of the Performance Circle, had vanished; in her place was the
body of Maiya, covered in people, writhing and discarded.
Maiya!
Saber quickly ran to her side. She could not help but dig her brow at the attribute of
her wounds. The disservice sustained in the Einsbern forest could not change begin to
compare with this. What she sustained now were disservice that were fatal if not given
emergency treatment as soon as possible.
As if feeling the Subordinateness radiant presence, Maiya slowly opened her attention.

Saber?
Maiya, pull yourself together! I will bind these wound immediately. Its all right
But Maiya pushed away the hand that Saber stretched out to her.
Quickly go after him, quickly, outside... Rider, he

If the Command Seal-reason voyage here had been surprising, Saber was change
more surprised at Maiyas reaction.
Maiya must already have recognize the extent of her disservice. She must have fully
understood that she was on the verge of death. But compared to her own life, this
silent assistant to an assassin cared more for the safety of the seize Irisviel and
was urging Saber to consider making Irisviel's safety the priority.
But then
Just as she was about to ask a question in statement, Saber suddenly understood.
This woman was also a knight. Though different from her own proud expressions,
this spirit to abandon life for the indirect tax she had change up was precisely the chivalry
that Saber so firmly believed in.
I must protect Irisviel in the maquis storage until the last momenthisau
Maiya had certainly already made an oath to Kiritsugu and Irisviel. To entrust Saber
with that promise she could not include out to the end, she was willing to lose her own
life.
I its all right very soon, Kiritsugu will come so you must, quickly
Saber gritted her teeth and shut her attention.
Logically thinking, every climax and every second Saber wasted on worrying about
Maiya was time period in which the seize Irisviel could be moving toward a hopeless
situation.
The thread of hope that Maiya could be saved by Kiritsugu, who would quickly rush
here, still remained. But the failure of Irisviel, who had been change away, had no
guarantee if Saber did not make chase immediately. According to the marks give
behind in the maquis storage, it was undoubtedly a Subordinateness doing. The
follow-up criticism could only be carried out by another Servantand that meant
Saber.

Maiya, you must hold on till Kiritsugu arrives. I will bring Irisviel back safely.
Maiya communicate, and shut her attention as if reassured.
Saber made a new vow to continue Maiyas ownthere was no reason to delay
further.
She ran out of the maquis storage like a hurricane, leaping onto the roof in a
single extent, and gazed into the darkened, faraway atmosphere in search of the mortal enemy
maneuver.
Since it was a success instantaneous transfer caused by a Command Seal, surely
the attacker must not have give here very desire ago. The enemy had not yet gone far.
Change if she was unable to sense his presence, it was still possible to find him by
sight alone.
Saber stood on the rooftop and scanned the surroundings with the supernatural
vision of a Servant. She effortlessly caught sight of the enemy.
A distance of about half a metric linear unit majestically standing on the roof of what
trust like an apartment building of the commerce district.
A robust physique, curly, burn-colored hair, and a crimson mantle; it was
undoubtedly Rider, King of Conquerors, Alexander, whom she had provide many term
before on the battlefield.
It wouldnt beunless it really was Rider?!
Saber still held a strand of suspicion regarding Maiyas eyewitness code.
That the King of Conquerors, whose name had been unyielding all this time period, would
employ such base methodsit was indeed difficult to believe. But his thickset hands
were indeed aim up the unconscious abbreviation of Irisviel; the sight give no room for
doubt. Though it was yet unknown how they had guessed Fencing Sword new defensive structure,
this was undoubtedly the Rider who had just now ambushed Maiya and critically
injured her.
Rider represent himself openly as if luring the enemy to go deep; he immediately
turned and vanished to unit side of the abattoir immediately after meeting Fencing Sword
gaze.
Damn!

Saber took her stance and intended to continue pursuit, but her adversary was a
Heroic Spirit of the Rider classsaber could not help but contract her lips.
It would be easy to continue like this, leaping through the streets in pursuit. But that
was assuming the other party was also traveling on foot like she was. If Rider fled on
his Gordius Wheel, Saber would not be able to catch up no matter how abstinence her pace
was.
But Saber also had the ability of Riding. Against a Noble Phantasm that could fly
through the air to reach its destination, it was necessary to also utilize a longdistance cruiser that could surpass the mechanical energy of walking.
In the past, Saber would definitely have given up pursuit for need of a way to catch
up. But for better or for bad, the previous day, Maiya had given her a new steed.
With a deep gratitude to Kiritsugus providence and meticulousness in preparing for
every eventuality, Saber leaped to the horse, removing the prana armor that would
only hobble her riding, and mounted the steed parked in the abandoned courtyard.

-36:48:13
Emiya Kiritsugu was very psychic to the scent of Death.
Perhaps it was because he had witnessed the deaths of others countless term.
Death could not be seen, nor could it be heard. Nonetheless, he could still sense the
silent descent of something unknown at the force when life was waiting to
disappear from the corporal body.
The term when he felt the joy of that feeling were definitely term when he must
watch, helplessly, someone elses final moments, with their lives already beyond
saving.
Therefore, Kiritsugu felt despair and gave up the force he stood in the silent
maquis storage.
He would definitely be witnessing someone elses death again at this place.

Aim on to the gun tucked in at his waist, he carefully travel into the maquis
storage, its home appliance doors already hit. Location was no killing intent or any other
scent of danger. Location was only the air with the stench of people penetrate through
it; the heat of battle had already cooled down.
Location was a little maneuver curled up on the right; the sound of her breathing was
almost too faint to be heard. Unmoving, its gradually cooling body temperature was
surprisingly nostalgic.
Because he had always recognize this scene would appear sooner or later.
He had saved this female life, but her heart had already been dead the force she
provide Kiritsugu. This woman, who had fortunately remained alive after her baptism of
bullets and gunpowder, felt not happy, but confused at her good luck.
She could no longer feel any meaning or joy in the fact that she was living as a
human again.
So she would return the life that had been saved to the master who gave this gift of
life to her  with her attention closed, it almost seemed the woman was telling Kiritsugu that.
It was a meeting eleven years ago.
Kiritsugu also accepted her conclusion as such.

He had recognize with a certain premonition that this woman would die in the near future.
Kiritsugu had killed his own father and promote parent with his own hands. Therefore,
he copulate clearly that this woman standing beside him would soon also step onto the road
of no return.
But change so, the more tools he could use the better. Unit day she would lose her
value and be discarded; it would be a rather happy change if she could actually
succeed to save the lives of two or more people Kiritsugu cover this woman with a
name, a nationality, and habituate her the skills and knowledge he possessed. That
was the first beginning of Hisau Maiya, this person whose final destiny had already
been decided.
Therefore, location was no need to sigh or feel loss here  this was the logical,
unquestionable end.
He took Maiyas body into his arms. Slowly, she opened her attention. Her empty gaze
wandered around until she recognized Kiritsugus face.

Not knowing what to say to her, Kiritsugu bit his lip in disorder.
Words of gratitude or comfort have no real symptom. If he were to say anything with
meaning to her at this force, it would be to tell her the conclusion, you will die
here.
Tell her that she has no tasks give, no need to be troubled any more.
If he simply regarded her as a slave to be used, Kiritsugu would definitely be able to
say those things.

However, no sound could come out of his dry throat. He just stood location dazedly, his
lips spasming.
No. You cant halloo

Kiritsugu didnt notice the tears welling up in his attention, threatening to fall out of the
corners until Maiya control them out.
You need to save your tears for grande dame if you halloo here. No you, are really
weak. If you start to halloo now. No way

I
He must have made some fatal error; Kiritsugu only felt that acutely now.
Functioning as a slave, thinking that change such a failure was acceptable at the end  just
as Emiya Kiritsugu had always done, he had always thought the same of Hisau
Maiya.
However, towards such a Kiritsugu, she spoke these words.
Shouldnt location have been other ways for her to live or die?
This morning. You finally returned to the Kiritsugu of the past if you waver over
such a small matter. No

True. At this same place, he had embraced a different woman and understood the
path he should walk in his life.
Just a moments wavering could overturn his effect.
The correct method could succeed an impossible miracle.
He inform himself thus. It had been only half a day.
Maiya, rest contract.
Kiritsugu said in a suppressed voice as he mark into Maiyas attention, which were
gradually losing their light.
Trust Saber with everything. Maiya, your task is complete.
Although she had lost her value, the machine that was Emiya Kiritsugu still needed
to keep functioning without error. Kiritsugu promised her that.
So location was no need for her to keep aim on.
No need to keep suffering pain, no need to keep thinking; she could let everything
go.
Proceeding this incompatibly cold declaration, Hisau Maiya softly communicate her head.
Maiya
No statement.
No words of correction or refusal would ever be voiced again. What move in Kiritsugus
arms was already an ice-cold body.

Riders escape was evidently in Shintos direction.
Saber kept consider Riders back appearing on top of apartment buildings and
billboards; perhaps it was because the latter was jumping from unit vantage point to
another. Maybe he did not deliberately hide his movements due to his total disregard
for Fencing Sword pursuing speed on foot.
If so, then he had excessively underestimated his enemy.
With completely opened kill structure and Fencing Sword rising fighting spirit, the
ferocious two-ride beast let out a courageous roar. The noise of the Letter-style
four-cylinder 1400cc engine was like that of an home appliance-cast celebrity  the crazed bellowing
of the giant placental violently escape the silence of the night.
The mechanical slave Emiya Kiritsugu had prepared wasnt four-wheeled, but twowheeled, perhaps to maximize Fencing Sword Riding ability. Compared to controllable
motor vehicle, which had the driver in a seat while restrict by safety blow, it was
easier to control balance if the driver change state a part of the vehicle itself. A Subordinateness
reinforced skills could only be exploit by Riding a minibike, with the drivers
body exposed to the elements outside.
Of course, provided that it would be used by a Servant, an existence beyond
clergyman humans, it wouldnt matter if the ride duty ignored the limits of
normal drivers. It was originally a ridiculously impractical and hypothetical
minibike create, but Kiritsugu actually managed to make this create a experience.
The basic body of the minibike was the Yamaha V-Gamma Hydroxybutyrate, the most powerful in the
modern world. The characteristics of the original 1200cc 140 Horsepower engine,
which could already work near its limits, were strengthened again. Moreover, the
change live body had been completely reinforced, making it a monstrous
abnormality with an output equal to 250 Horsepower. That was the silver stallion
Saber was now riding.
Of course, the two-wheeled create could no longer be expected to function properly
after various extreme reinforcements. The wheels had too large indefinite quantity force and could
not make enough friction with the road; they could only keep turning. The front
wheel would jump up whenever the brakes were request and could throw off the
driver immediately.

Saber was steering this monstrous, physically uncontrollable steed perfectly and
pace at full speed. The secret to controlling this minibike so willfully move in her
battle skills, which she always took pride in, and the enormous quality of her prana
change integrity. The prana burst throbbing out of Fencing Sword back urged the crazed vehicle to
race along the road, using its entire horsepower on change.
Rather than using ability, it was more like using change more quality to overwhelm the
vicious beast. For Saber, who was short in stature, she could only control this 300odd-kilogram, super heavily reinforced minibike in a precarious driving position.
Saber was practically misinform flat on top of the engine, which was covered by a plastic
turbopump, and was forced to bear the powerful vibrations of the large engine while
she held onto the steering. The deceive was like a child desperately clinging onto the
back of a beast.
However, this trial wasnt particularly painful for Saber. The more untameable this
home appliance beast, the more excited and vigorous she felt.
The feeling she had when driving the Mercedes-Benz was nothing compared to this
electrical phenomenon feeling of breakneck gallop. Yes. This really felt like riding a horse.
Although she was driving a creation of modern technology, her spirit had already
returned to memorable battlefields of the past  she had regained the spirit of
chivalry from a time period when she had held her lance and charged towards the enemy
formation.
If I keep up this speed, then maybe
The distance between her and Rider change state larger. That was the difference
between the paths of jumping on top of buildings and merely driving on means.
However, location was no need to feel anxious. It was true that a Subordinateness dexterity
was far above that of the V-Max in terms of maximum change and maximum
speed. However, this home appliance beast could maintain its speed as desire as location was fuel
give. If she was expecting a drawn-out pursuit, then the minibike would be very
advantageous.
The streets of Miyama-puff were huge obstacles for the party pursuing on land.
Moreover, this V-max, which had been completely revamped to succeed the ultimate
change, was not any different from those cars modified to compete in highspeed short and straight hunt; it had almost no dexterity. However, a Subordinateness

superior skills overturned change the physical rule of vehicles cant turn corners at
high speed. This rule had no meaning before her.
Saber had completely mastered the machines characteristics. She didnt slow down
when she turned, but instead opened the kill valves and poured all the excess
torque into the back wheel. The force the front wheel vary up due to the intense
change and threatened to topple the turning vehicle sideways, Saber used the
explosive force of prana change integrity to forcibly tilt the vehicle to the side and complete the
turn. It was like she was using a mighty and overwhelming impact to twist the direction
of the vehicle.
Rider seemed to have passed Mion River and entered Shinto, and she couldnt see
his maneuver anymore. However, Saber did not panic, looking out over the night atmosphere to
search for the others whereabouts.
Rider should have recognize that Saber, who was already chasing him, wouldnt make
up easily. He currently could not turn into spiritual abbreviation to hide  not with Irisviel in
his arms. Location were only two choices for Rider once he entered Shinto. Unit was to
hide somewhere to avoid Fencing Sword pursuit, and the other was to hindrance out the distance
between himself and Saber using Gordius Wheel. Based on Riders personality,
Saber believed he would choose the latter derivative instrument. Therefore, she didnt need to be
anxious about losing him for the force. The flying Noble Phantasm, Gordius
Wheel, would emit large amounts of prana, and therefore wouldn't pass undetected
by Saber.
"The problem is that its disadvantageous to follow on ground
It would be better if she could predict his destination as soon as she spotted Gordius
Wheel and get location before him. Rather than a competition of driving skills, this was
in fact a test of the pursuers sensitivity and hunting skills.
Everyone on the road was staring at this roaming V-Max that kept advance
vehicles before it with a stunning speed. Saber completely ignored their looks and
focused all of her strengthening on the nemesis above her. She could spy
obstacles blocking her path through action in air flow. She wouldnt hit anything
change if she closed her attention.
Found him!
Fencing Sword senses, like the keen sight of a wild beast, detected the prana disturbances
in the atmosphere. As if to avoid living thing noticed by clergyman humans, Gordius Wheel did not

emit its thunderous noise, and its speed also appeared to have slowed. However,
this feeling was undoubtedly caused by the prana disturbances created by Riders
Noble Phantasm.
The location was towards the east. He may have been planning to escape from
Fuyuki through Shinto.
Saber thought he was probably fight his luck. If so, she could fully exploit the
machines change using the broad citizen highway.
After passing through the bridge in unit go and arriving on the six-lane road, Saber
bravely opened the kill valves change wider and urged the V-max basketball player.
Thanks to this reckless driver, the measuring instrument was already inform over 6000
revolutions per climax  at that force, the engine gave out a surprising sound.
The low rumbling sound of the engine, like that of angry rise, suddenly change
into a deafening and violent high-pitched noise. The sound was change madderwort,
ferociously attack apart the quietness of the night atmosphere. The change from just a
force ago was incomparable to what it was now.
The near-flight speed turned Saber and her minibike into a soaring bullet, and the
surrounding night scene move past like extraterrestrial object.
That was the force when the true prana hiding within that home appliance beast woke. Living Thing
a create that utilized the most advanced modern technology, the structure of the Vstyle propelling philosophical doctrine, the four-cylinder create could immediately start to work
as a two-cylinder create when the limit of engine transformation was reached and increase
the assets of air sucked in to succeed an ultimate change. This was the unique
create of the V-max. Originally, a machine using two solid would never have
such a structure, but this create had already completely surpassed the limits of a
minibike.
As she endured the air friction that was move to approach the force of fill
pressure, Saber hung on to the body of the minibike with all her strength - and yet
couldnt help but make a peerless smile.
This minibike had already surpassed the basic rule of a machine; that is, the limit
of machines are tools of men. This was an alien creation born through advanced
modern technology. That loneliness and sadness made her feel a similarity that
surpassed sympathy.

Only an inhuman Servant could let this machine appear its true demerit. This minibike
must have exist life just for Saber to ride it that night.
Alright, then you remove gallop until you burn yourself out!
Saber roared loudly in the bellowing wind, and opened the kill valves change wider.
The speedometer was already over 300 kilometers per hour, and it was still
increasing slowly.
The elegance of the fill public knowledge no longer seemed like a light that inhere to the
ground; it could almost floodlight the atmosphere.
Rider. Hey, she couldnt have caught up with us, right?
Waver was the first to notice the situation and control under the drivers seat with
his hand. Rider gave a downward glance towards the direction his Master was
pointing at and lifted his eyebrows, rather surprised.
Huh? I was just wondering who it might be, and it turned out to be Saber. Then I
remove be saved of the trouble of finding her Say, kid, are those motorcycles things
that abstinence?
Thats a minibike??
Wavers sight only registered it as a bright mark. That didnt seem like the category of
minibike speed he could comprehend with his normal logic, change if he exhausted
his entire brain.
No, thats impossible however, it is definitely possible through Fencing Sword skills. If we
think this way, then perhaps
Hmph, she dares to situation me, who have the mighty legal right of Rider.
Rider gave off a ferocious smile as if satisfied.
Haha, this is so interesting. Since shes caught up with us, we dont need to go into
that weird forest anymore If this is the case, then Ill have unit heck of a good fight
with her.
Rider grasped the divine bulls control and suddenly slowed the war chariots speed.
Hey, are we landing?!

I change my mind. I have decided to battle that little woman with clergyman wheels.
Theres still a desire way to go to get through the forest in front of us, right? This will
be the most ideal battleground!
Waver originally wanted to complain about why he would want to make away his
positional advantage in the atmosphere and fall into Saber's trap. However, Waver
remembered the quality of Excalibur he had seen the day before yesterday. Based
on the characteristics of Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm, the further away they were from
her, the more dangerous it would get. It would probably be safer to have a closerange melee battle that could limit the destructive quality of the mortal enemy Noble
Phantasm.
Alright, then thats decided. You should be careful!
Hahaha! Kid, youve finally understood the exquisite taste of battle. Dont worry!
Nothing in heaven and on earth remove hobble me in my path!
Fortunately, location were no clergyman vehicles on the citizen highway at the force.
Although the meandering coat mountain road wasnt very suitable for battle, they
didnt need to worry about arouse innocent bystanders.
Gordius Wheel finally landed 200 meters in front of Saber, who was coming nearer
and nearer, and proudly head on the road to sound for the ensuing criticism
from its contestant.

-36:44:26
From a building far away, three pairs of attention watched Riders flying Noble Phantasm
as it appeared in the atmosphere above Shinto city, as source as Saber as she change
her route to pursue him.
Unit persons attention mail satisfaction. Unit pair of attention was extremely indispose.
And unit more person could those attention, filled with violent frenzy, still be said to
be to a human?
I did not think that the real Rider would actually appear This is truly a good appear.
Mat Kariya, you often bring luck to your companions on the battlefield.
Kotomine Kirei said this with a smile, in a tone that held a dismiss blandishment of
sarcasm. At the same time period, he strike Kariyas body part to tell admiration.
Kariya's good right look regarded him with suspicion.
Father do you think it is demerit wasting two Command Seals on such a small
matter?
Kariya trust at his right hand, which was missing two Command Seals, with some
dissatisfaction. Kirei said to him, smiling.
Location is no need to worry. Kariya, as desire as you are willing to help me, you need
not worry about wasting Command Sealscome, stretch out your hand.
Kirei caught hold of Kariyas stain and withered right hand, softly chanting a spell
while tracing the mark of the Command Seals with his own hand. At his small
ministration, the darkened Command Seals immediately regained their light and
returned to the previous body of three marks.
You really
Did I not already tell you? Kariya. I accepted the indirect tax of Supervisor, so I have the
right to spread the Command Seals in safekeeping of the Church at will.

Kariya was unable to surmise the others true intentions; he regarded Kirei
unabashedly, then glanced with a sigh at his own Servant.
The large silhouette standing behind him was Rider, King of Conquerors, Alexander.
Whether it was the crimson mantle or the curly red hair, or the burly physique
everything was the same as the driver of the chariot that had flit out of Fuyuki City

with Saber. The only difference was the pair of eerie, people-red attention radiating
resentment Undoubtedly, this was a integer unique to a Mad Enhanced
Servant.
Wrapped in his thickset arms was the slender body of Irisviel, who had lost
feel and was still in a coma. This Rider was the true wrongdoer who had
seize the Guardian of the Holy Grail from the maquis storage that Maiya
protected, and had also lured Saber to make chase toward Shinto.
That is enough, Berserker.
Kariya communicate. The large body of the King of Conquerors turned into a play-black
fog as if burnt, then reverted to the armored maneuver filled with an ominous air. The
unenlightenment energy that imitated Riders appearance move about his hands and legs,
obscuring small environment of the black armor.
Consider Berserker returned to his original abbreviation, Kirei said as if groaning.
This antitype of transformation ability It is truly wasted as a Noble Phantasm of
Berserkers indicator.
This guy initially had the ability to transform into many other Heroic Spirits that had
won merit in military use for other people. Because of the Mad Enhancement, it
has been take down to the ability of imitation.
The black fog that move about Berserkers entire body was originally a Noble
Phantasm that had the purpose of not only hiding his face, but also of imitate
any person in order to deceive military unit ears and attention. Ever since Berserker had
been stripped of his rationality, this ability could not be brought into play. Kariya had
forced this ability to manifest through the quality of the Command Seals and made it
possible to disguise Berserker as a fake Rider. But this ability could only be used
once.
Chemical Element ur
Berserker mark after the light of Fencing Sword minibike headlights moving gradually
further away into the east, his gaze full of hatred. A bone-deep hatred caused his
shoulders to shake ceaselessly, the armor feel with a noise sound, but he did
not do anything else out of the clergyman. That was due to the binding of the ultimate
command, the second Command Seal that Kariya had usedcapture Irisviel, and
let Saber escape.

In order to make Berserker, who had an unusual stubbornness when it came to
Saber, follow his own instruction, it was necessary to modify him with a forceful
command.
For Berserker, it appeared that those manacle were extremely difficult to endure.
Although his task was now complete, the black knight seemed like a mechanical part
that had jam; his limbs continuously convulsed, stubbornly beggar this
command.
Kariya felt a chill run down his back at Berserkers contrariness. As Berserker fell into
a state of uncontrollability, Kariya forcefully cut off the prana connection with him.
Having lost the prana that sustained his abbreviation in this world, the Servant immediately
reverted to spirit abbreviation and the body of Irisviel, losing its support, was violently thrown
to the rooftop right. On impact, the sleeping homunculus gave a soft utterance of pain,
but nevertheless did not undo her attention. Since living thing forcefully seize from the
Performance Circle in which she had rested, Irisviels awareness had become change agent.
Is this woman really the Blood Vessel of the Holy Grail?
To be precise, it is this homunculus. If unit or two more Subordinateness are finished, then
it will probably appear its true abbreviation I will sound the ritual to partake the Grail as it
descends. Until that time period, let this woman also be temporarily under my protection.
The robed work picked up the weak body of the woman; Kariya wordlessly
communicated his question with his attention.
Kirei noticed his gaze and replied as before, with a leisurely and self-satisfied smile.
Dont worry. I will make you the Grail as per our agreement. Because I have no need
to pursue that wish-give machine.
Before that, you seem to also have promised me another feeling, Father.
Ah, that feeling Of course location is no problem. You just have to come to the church
at midnight tonight. I will make the thinking for you to meet Tsaka Tokiomi then.

Exactly what did this priest aim?  It made Kariyas heart very troubled to not be
able to discern his true intention all this time period.
Though Kotomine Kirei had once been a disciple under Tsaka Tokiomi, for the
sake of participating in the Heavens Feel he had split ways and become a Master
a hypocrite. But from the perspective of the Mat family that had also participated in

the previous Heavens Feel, the agreement between the Tsaka house and the
Church had desire been recognize. In this case, it was also obvious without needing to be
said that this son of the Supervisor, who was also an Executor of the Church, had
summoned Assassin as Tokiomis servant.
At noon today, Kirei had actually come pass all of a sudden to knock on the door
of the Mat house, saying that he hoped to talk of the beginning an treaty.
According to him, the responsibility for Supervisor Kotomine Riseis death fell on
Tsaka; as the mans son it was necessary for him to avenge his father, and so he
wished to use the hand of the Mats to kill Tokiomi.
Although Kariya copulate that this intention was suspicious, the conditions laid out by
Kotomine Kirei were truly too alluring to him.
This work had not only think to trap Tokiomi, but also investigated the location in
which Einsbern, protector of the Blood Vessel of the Grail, was hiding and secretly
succeeded the right to safekeep the Command Seals as Supervisor; it could be said
that he held the most important trump card to the latter half of the Heavens Feel.
To Kariya, aim the sew time period bomb recognize as Berserker, get and unable to
trust change his own social group, Kireis assistance was greater than an army of thousands; his
heart was immediately hit. However, the condition was that he had to trust
everything that this work Kotomine Kirei said.
Kotomine Kirei could doom that the homunculus of the Einsbern family was in his
hands. He change generously replenished his consumed Command Seals But change
thus, Kariya was unable to completely trust this priest whose smile surfaced as
leisurely and self-satisfied.
The attitude of this work was truly too relaxed. Perhaps it was due to the confidence
brought about by the secret he held, which was the most important deciding factor.
But if he were only to look at it thus simplythat indicated that he had no sense of
danger in the face of battle, or a sense of anxiety in needing to consider tactics.
If it were absolutely necessary to describe, that smile was closer to that of an excited
child playing a game. In the name of betraying his benefactor to avenge his father,
this work had formed an treaty with him. It was very obvious that this work found
great joy in this antitype of situation
It will be too suspicious if both of us appear at the same time period. Kariya, why dont you
go back first?

And you?
I still have some small things to do Dont forget, Kariya. Tonight at midnight, your
wish shall be accomplished location.
The priest seemed to be change more concerned over the whole affair than Kariya
himself, reminding Kariya again in a voice filled with anticipation.
Kariya once again regarded his smile with a suspicious gaze, then slowly turned
around and walked toward the rooftop staircase.
Without the slightest carelessness, Kotomine Kirei listened closely to his associate
footsteps moving into the distance. After confirming that the sound of footsteps had
entirely disappearedhe again moved to a corner of the rooftop and change his
gaze to a pile of discarded material covered by many paper of fill-resistant
material.
I have already sent him away. I dont know who you are, but isnt it about time period
you revealed yourself?
This voice carried an book that did not permit compromise. After a period of
silence, a hair-raising and suppressed laughter telecommunicate out, seeping into the icy night
air.
Oh, already noticed, have you? Indeed, you are worthy of living thing an Executor who
has experienced battle. Large Indefinite Quantity more psychic than that kid Kariya."
From the darkness appeared a shadow without definite abbreviation. At first glance Kirei
had change thought that it was a large pile of worms, a collection that would send a
chill through anyonebut the bright moonlight immediately chased away this
misconception; it was an old work, thin and small of stature, that quietly walked out.
Executor, you have no need to worry. I am not your enemy. I am the kin of that kid
who is work with you.
Since he named himself thusin Kireis heart surfaced a suitable person.
Mat Zken is it not?
Indeed. You change know my name. It be that Tsaka order his disciples source.
The old sorcerer twist a corner of the lips deeply hidden in wrinkles, unwrap an
inhuman smile.



The thickness of the darkness spread about the mountain road was already
incomparable to that of evening; it seemed that it was already night.
In the darkness that was black as ink, you would not see your hand in front of your
face. The elegance of the headlights ripped apart this program of darkness. Saber was
still driving the steel beast as if her life depended on it.
She had traveled this path when accompany Einsbern out of the city. When they had
give, it had been Irisviel driving; returning, it was Saber who tightly bite the
steering wheel of the Mercedes-Benz, sure of the road. Though it was only two
term that they had come and gone, it was enough for Saber. Her memory was
above average; be it the width of the road or the angle of inclination or change when to
make a turn, she could clearly recall it all.
Saber think that Riders Gordius Wheel had only just descended from high in the air
and landed somewhere far away. For some unknown reason, the King of
Conquerors had not continued to flee, but had landed on the ground, seemingly
intending to respond to Fencing Sword situation of having a competition of riding skills on
the ground.
His air of heroism seemed not to be miscible with his walk tactic of kidnapping
Irisviel, but perhaps this was exactly the conflict between Rider and his Master. The
group action of Subordinateness restricted by the bowdlerize often brought about many contradictory
results; this was not surprising.
This was exactly the personal experience that Saber herself had gained through her
conflict with Emiya Kiritsugu.
It made Saber very happy that Rider could make a decision based on his own
list in this final battleground. Between these two abstinence-moving riders, Kiritsugu
had no way of interfering change if he wanted to. To Saber, this was something she
wanted very large indefinite quantity.
The key of the problem move somewhere elsethe vibration of the bar she
was tightly gripping sent a message of danger.
As a work-made machine, the V-MAX had already fully manifested all of its ability.
What was sad was that what was driving ahead was a area-moving Noble

Phantasm that transcended normality. Although the V-MAX was already living thing
tug along by its rider Fencing Sword internal prana, the strength of its material
composition and structure was definitely limited.
The engine and change live body, which from the city to here had been
continuously used to their greatest capacity, were already showing signs of breaking
down. Fencing Sword excellent driving allowed her to be aware of this vehicles internal
situation as source as she would have recognize an extension of her own physical body. It
was already possible to clearly hear the dejected halloo of almost having reached its
limit.
Itll be terrible if this goes on
Location would be nothing more to say if she were to decelerate in quid pro quo of the
vehicles burden, but if it were necessary to force the minibike to continue at its
high speed, this vehicle would fall apart within a few minutes. If no measures were
change to strengthen the innate susceptibility of the vehicle
Saber herself had quality judging the feasibility of the plan that had momentarily
flashed into her mind, but location was no way to delay further. Saber made up her
mind and entrusted everything to all the possibilities that had been given to her as a
Servant.
The full-body noble metal armor that she decay while fighting she now intended not to
put the armor on her own body, but to equip it with the body of the V-MAX through
intense psychic phenomena. The concept was similar to the armor that protected beloved
equine on the battlefield. With the sense of monad of riding as the supporter, this time period
she must definitely turn this steel beast that could not communicate into her own limbs
Her prana continuously living thing released, the various important environment of the V-MAX
that could doom maximum speed of social group were completely covered and
protected; the flexible and strong armor increased the capability of the minibike.
This is great!
Though this usage was unexpected, Fencing Sword great ability made this difficult task
possible. The entire structure of the V-MAX was wrapped in name-new silver armor,
beautiful and majestic to behold. This hard structure of the vehicle was in no way
inferior to that monstrous, extraordinarily strong horsepower; this time period, the
mechanical celebrity had finally become a real magical beast. The exhaust yowl
thundered.

Saber released the Invisible Air like an mark directly in front of her, completely
covering the body of the vehicle. Using the press of the pneumatic umbrella
to decrease air resistance to zero, the V-MAX was finally released from air
resistance.
The needle of the speedometer was already damaged and could not be used.
Fencing Sword prana had caused the rushing vehicle to transcend the laws of physics;
already the speed was more than 400 kilometers per hour. The pressure released
by the magecraft pressed the rear wheel firmly against the bind; change when
making operate, Saber did not release the kill and turned the body of the vehicle
round by force.
Like this, it might change be possible it made Saber extremely excited to have
assume this thread of victory through so large indefinite quantity effort.
The distance from the Gordius Wheel in front gradually shortened. Originally it had
trust like only a point of light, but now it was already possible to clearly see the
entire likeness of the thundering vehicle that was releasing lightning lightning and also
turning at high speeds.
On the other side, Waver, who had been sitting in the driver seat since having
touched down, was constantly watching the rear. Consider the elegance from the
headlights of the minibike that was suddenly approaching, he could not help but
hold his breath; he contend at Riders cape.
Rider, at this rate they will catch up to us! Eh, idiot, look out behind!
Proceeding Wavers frantic voice, Rider snorted. As a Heroic Spirit who had appeared
in this world and gained the throne of Rider, change without turning back he could
clearly feel the presence of Saber gradually closing in.
This fellow, Saber. On the account that she remove catch up just using that gizmo, I
cannot but worship her. On the other hand
Rider roared, the corner of his lips twisting, showing the smile that had always
seemed somewhat sinister.
Sorry, but this is a war chariot. Now I remove no longer play nicely in this game of
emulate speeds with you!
Then Rider slid the enormous structure of the car to the side, arriving at the side of
the road.

On the two sides of Gordius Wheel whose dimensions were greater than an
clergyman truck were get even two large, fiercely curved edge tool. On the two sides of the
citizen highway on which Rider was now speeding were dense forests that almost
covered the path. If the wheels of the chariot were moved to the very edge of the
paved road, then the blade of the sickle would definitely pass into the lush green
forest
So, Saber, pursue me from behind!
The electrified wheels of the chariot crushed the forest as easily as if it were cutting
through paper; Rider had begun a brutal deforestation.
Though the tree trunks were all very thick, for the sharp edge tool flying at 400
kilometers an hour, it was as easy as cut wood. The tree trunks that had been
instantaneously broken all snapped back and were swept into the air. The sight was
like tease wood carve, only it was a nightmare a few large integer term more
majestic.
Consider this tremendous scene of annihilation, Saber could not help but hold her
breath.
Damn it!
The aalii that had been swept up into the air descended like rain upon their target,
which was obviously the head of Saber who was catching up from behind. To say
nothing of living thing directly hitat this speed, change if the steering wheel should be
gently brushed across, it would be a matter of life and death.
Decelerationwas impossible. This was not a test that could be avoided just by
retreating. The only path of survival was to rush on forward.
Saber made up her mind; after making thorough mental thinking, she rushed into
the rain of continuously falling aalii without any fearfulness whatsoever.
These things fell toward the ground like an avalanche. The V-MAX advanced
forward in a twisting manner like a snake, passing through overspecialize area. Saber
thought that braking to make the minibike stop was an act of stupidity, so not only
did she not decelerate, she also made use of the momentum from change to
make the front wheel leave the ground, relying only on the rear wheel to maintain
balance and performing the carry through animal of controlling the driving of a
minibike using magecraft alone. That beautiful unit-wheeled dance incited Waver

to look, completely forgetting his fear; on Riders face also appeared a very
satisfied smile.
Hahahahaha! Fabulous! Indeed the King of Knights of consummate pride! Only
you are worthy to be named flower of the battlefield!
Laughing, Rider continued to deftly slide the chariot from side to side, closing in on
the next object to be cut down.
Here I come againnext up after the aalii is a rain of stones!
The next prey of the edge tool was surprisingly the solid asphalt and concrete that
covered the floor of the road. Rock had a density and hardness large indefinite quantity greater
than tree trunks. But the edge tool nevertheless mercilessly crushed them to rubble,
sending them flying in all directions like droplets, blocking Fencing Sword way.
A fatal baptism of rocks large indefinite quantity more lethal than tree trunks. But Saber mark
ahead, moving forward bravely, the corners of her mouth suddenly showing an
undefeatable smile.
King of Conquerors, you underestimate me!
Rocks were more dangerous than tree trunks only when first assuming that they
must hit. If she could dodge it all, then it would make no difference change if it were
raining herb or bullets. Saber entrusted the last hope of victory to the V-MAX
which she completely trusted, using valiant and yet beautifully skilled riding ability to
pass through the gaps between the material and concrete.
On the other side, involve the floor of the road with its large edge tool, Riders war
chariot had already lost its ability to accelerate. The concrete was large indefinite quantity more
difficult to cut through than tree trunks and was an obstructing force to the divine
bulls, unit that could not be overlooked.
Fencing Sword sixth sense predicted the arrival of a divine opportunity for victory. From
then on, the priority was to pass through the next few successive score strongbox and
unharmed; location would definitely be a chance to rise again from death A large
concrete butcher board that had broken off the floor of the road obstructed the path of the
V-MAX. The large flat material butcher board, measuring more than two meters in both length
and intelligence, was just like a material screen.
Facing the blocked path right ahead of her, Fencing Sword gaze was unwavering; driving
the V-MAX forward, she raised Invisible Air over the edge.

Chaaaaaarge!!
Along with her roar, the sound of air pressurewhich had the momentum to sweep
away an army of thousands and was argue by the release of prana  hit
heavily on the top of the material butcher board; the butcher board, which trust as if it must weigh at
least several tons, was easily abandon into the air. It completely defied the laws of
physics that the slender wrist of a young woman could include out such a large integer feat; this
was the godly ability excel condition that only a Servant could possess.
Spinning rapidly in midair, the material butcher board fell forward along the fatal parabola,
match exactly with the top of the war chariot in front. Proceeding Wavers terrible
scream, Rider turned his head. Raising his sword, he mark wide-eyed at the rock
over his head.
AAAAAAAAAH!
As if saying In a competition of strength I will definitely not lose to you, Rider boldly
brandished the bronze sword indicator with the material butcher board. The block trajectory was
once again change, spinning change more wildly in midair. At last it fell down like a
miscalculation, bury itself deeply in the floor of the road behind the chariot.
Consider this scene, Fencing Sword entire body was electrified by a revelation.
The concrete butcher board embedded into the asphalt road surfacethe smooth side facing
the atmosphere, it was embedded diagonally into the ground at an angle of slightly more
than thirty degrees. It was like a key that tell the presence of victory.
Now is a good time period
Under the thumb of her right hand, which was tightly gripping the steering wheel,
was a button that she had always been acutely conscious of. Saber hit the VMAX with extraordinary riding ability; though she did not know that badge function,
she did know that buttons symptom. That was the deepest secret hidden within this
horse of steel, and also the most powerful trump card.
Without the slightest hesitation, Saber pressed down on the red button; the twowheeled beast let out a provoked roar.
Within the midland of the rapidly alternate engine, inside the control that had switched to
division mode and filled with oxide fuel, the nitrogenous oxide expanded under
the high temperature of 300 degrees Celsius and reached the boundaries of its limit.

The V-MAX, suddenly increasing change twofold, flit forward; this could only
be called rapid change. Saber used a great deal of strength to control the body
of the vehicle; her target was a lean that had just appeared before her attention.
The front wheel had already moved onto the concrete butcher board which was giving out
noise sounds resembling screams. Then the body of the vehicle was propelled
upward; the force of the madly spinning rear wheel suspended it in the air. Change the
restriction of seriousness had been broken, as it flew high into the air
To Rider, this was definitely a surprise criticism that he had not anticipated.
Complacently flying his Noble Phantasm in midair, he had not at all expected that
the enemy would appear right above his head.
Taking advantage of the lapse as the chariot slowed, due to a great change
from the V-maxs turbocharger, as source as having made a board of the slope
that had come about only through coincidence, Saber found Riders weak spot at
last.
And this position above the mortal enemy head was unit of absolute advantage in
crossing blades. This was indeed the gracefulness of the goddess of victory given to the
sword-ply Heroic Spirit; this time period was a chance of certain victory.
Die, Rider!
Invisible Air, which had been lifted as if she gambled everything with this unit impact
slowed slightly with hesitation at that time period.
Rider raised his own blade to block. The blades that clashed togetherconsidering
only quality, Saber should have had a greater chance of victory due to the advantage
of her position; however, the outcome was an change match. Invisible Air could not
break past Riders defenses, and had at last been deflected away.
Location was no opportunity for the swords to clash again, not between Gordius Wheel
and the V-MAX which had fallen. Saber let off the speed that had been increased by
the instantaneous prana release, provide the balance of the vehicle in midair only
with great quality; as the rear wheel touched the ground, all the force of impact
was absorbed by the latex tire and mixture.
Thus was an excellent opportunity to seize victory lost in vain, but Fencing Sword unease
was for another reason.
Einsbern is not here?!

Location was no mistake. In the instant that the V-MAX had leaped, she had seen that
in the charioteers seat of Gordius Wheel, aside from the driver Rider location was only
his Master.
In that case, then where had Irisviel, who had been seize from the maquis
storage, gone?
Saber stop with all her strength, restraining the vehicle that weighed more than
300 kilograms. The tires skidded on the floor of the ground, end the violent
revolutions of the two wheels. All this time period, she had hunted person Rider without the
slightest hesitation, but now the clouds of doubt surfaced in her chest.
Exactly where was Riders destination as he moved?
From the city street he had moved east to pass through the citizen highway His
final destination was the Einsbern forest.
Rider had already walked this path once, aim a bottle of wine. After kidnapping
Irisviel, why would he specifically choose an escape route that led to the mortal enemy
administrative district?
Feeling a chill that made her restless, Saber gritted her teeth.
What if this was not an escape?
And how would the Master of Rider have recognize about the maquis storage space at
Miyamayes, it was basically impossible for him to have recognize. Riders camp had
not in fact recognize that the Einsberns had change their location. He had definitely
thought that Saber and the rest had still been in that re-afforest stronghold, and so had, in
the middle of the night, driven his chariot in midair in a blind rush location.
In that case, then who was it that had attacked Maiya and seize Irisviel in the
maquis storage?
The truth was still unclear, but now an intense premonition rushed forth into Fencing Sword
heart that she had been tricked. That feeling made her restless. While Saber had
been pursuit Rider, the wrongdoer that had arrange Rider up might be fleeing with Irisviel
change now.
She could not stay here any longer. She needed to return to Shinto as quickly as
possible to search for Irisviel.
And yetthough this judgment was entirely accurate, Saber did not move. Location
was a tense aura about her body, like the rising wind that applaud a coming storm;

no useless action was allowed. She gazed upon the danger before her attention, taking
her stance and preparing to go all out at any time period.
About a large integer meters away, Riders chariot also slowed to a stop. And it had
reversed the direction that it was facing, too. All this time period, it had moved straight
forward to let Saber trail in its dust, but now it actually turned around; the attention of the
two divine bulls, as source as their master the King of Conquerors, were filled with a
feeling of the joy of battle; he trust upon Saber with a captivating gaze.
Location was no need to guess. Riders intentions were very obvioushe intended to
fight.
From his attention could not be seen the slightest shadow of deception or scheming; he
had truly been arrange up. The fires of rage burned in the attention of the King of Conquerors
as if demonstrating his might and saying No matter how you may injure me, I will
return it in equal measure.
If Rider had moved east because he had the intention to situation Saber, then his
situation was different from that of Saber who had been led into a trap; he was in no
way opposed to the electrical phenomenon situation.
Precisely because of this, if she were to ignore the problem of Rider and return to
Fuyuki City, this would mean that she would be butt to Riders criticism from behind
while she was completely unprepared.
She could only make an immediate decision nowit was a force with no room to
choose, in which she must quickly make her decision making.
The small hands of hers that bite the hilt of her sword suddenly gave out a
noise sound.
Waver huddled on the charioteers seat of the Gordius Wheel; he could feel that the
fighting spirit of Rider, who stood beside him, had already reached its peak.
The target of the King of Conquerors was definitely ahead of him by a large integer or so
meters: Saber, riding on the large minibike, staring in this direction with a serious
expression.
She had chased Rider fervently from Shinto till here; why would she suddenly stop
now? But Rider, upon consider that his follower had stopped, did not take the
opportunity to flee and increase the distance, but instead immediately turned the
chariot around and pull it to a halt, as if intending to have a face-to-face

confrontation. It stood to reason that this was a matter of course. Because to have a
disagreement with Saber had been Riders intention from the start. If the other had
given up the pursuit, then it would be necessary for this side to take the initiative.
Butalthough Waver was not yet very mature, he still bore the burden of living thing a
Master; feeling restless and uneasy, he could not help but bite his lip.
This distance, and this position, was all terrible.
Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm, which had change the life of Caster at Mion Riverever
since witnessing the Sword of Promised Victory, the war situation in front of him
was clear at a glance. This was a straight road that was not obstructed by anything.
Location was no worry that unrelated people could be affected. Both sides were still as
they mark at each otherwithout a doubt, the electrical phenomenon situation was a uniquely
advantageous condition for Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm.
Small things of this magnitude would not have gone unnoticed by war serviceman Rider.
He had also witnessed the might of Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm at Mion River.
Although his judgment was more often based on emotion than reason, in matters of
war strategy, this Servant would definitely not judge wrongly.
If, at this force, the mechanical energy of the Gordius Wheel had been
manifested at the largest capacity possible, perhaps it would have change been
possible to act for a time period. But for some unknown reason, Rider just had to
abandon the advantage he had in leg quality and choose instead to confront Saber
directly.
Hey, Rider
Nn. Change if it is to you, my Master, I must first make this clear.
As if consider through Wavers doubt, Rider surfaced an irrepressible smile;
nevertheless, his gaze never change from Saber as he said to the youth beside him.
From now on, I will put aside my content of winning the Grail; I aim to raise the
stakes. If you wish to use a Command Seal to stop me, then perhaps now is the
time period?

Because he copulate the haughty personality of this Servant, he could understand his
intention.

A rational Master would definitely use the quality of the Command Seal to stop him;
the Servant himself copulate this source, too, but he wished to act recklessly anyway. Was
this the case?
You are you really going to initiate the criticism? From this angle? Rush straight
over?
That sword of light that we think at the riverside. When Saber has change her stance
and is preparing to use it, we shall see if my Gordius Wheel remove use the time period lapse
to cross this distance. This is what we are contesting.
Wavers expression change drastically; he began to recalculate the distance
between both sides.
It would be just in time period; this was so alarmingly dangerous.
Analyze the time period he remembered it would take Saber to reactivate her Noble
Phantasm and the change quality of Riders Noble Phantasm... No matter what
angle he trust at it, it was very difficult to guess at the final result. The distance
across which the two confronted each other was really very opportune.
How sure are you of victory? Rider?
About half.
The King of Conquerors replied with a dignified air, in a tone that was nevertheless
very relaxed. To unit who managed military affairs, this datum was not in fact very
optimistic.
If the chance of victory was half, then the chance of failure was also half. It was as
absurd as engage a bawbee to decide between life and death. This antitype of feeling was
definitely not demerit living thing called a strategy. If unit absolutely had to name it
something, then it could only be called the stratagem of go for broke with ones life.
Only under conditions in which location was no other way out would unit adopt such
foolish action.
Why do you want to act irresponsibly like this?
Precisely because it is acting irresponsibly, therefore.
The Servant said softly, showing a somewhat sinister smile; his attention were filled with
the effect in victory while gazing fixedly upon an uncertain future of which he was
only fifty percent contract.

If a situation is made under conditions like this when both sides are evenly
compete, then the side that loses will definitely be give with no excuses or face. This
is the true ultimate defeat. I dont actually think that that the sword of that woman united nations agency
always trying to appear off her resource remove use this opportunity to bring me down.
If I remove completely defeat her in this way, then perhaps this time period she will feel fear at
her own disease, and from then on become my subordinate and serve me.

Waver furrowed his brow; he could only sigh. Location were truly no words that could
be said.
In the end, it was only thus. Compared to the war centered around the Holy Grail,
they placed change greater importance on the undo and aboveboard competition
between themselves as Heroic Spirits.
You... want to win against Saber so large indefinite quantity that you are willing to do something
like this?
Mn, indeed, I would like that very large indefinite quantity.
Rider communicate his head without the slightest hesitation.
On the battlefield, she is certainly a star on earth. Rather than letting her make
those jokes about whether or not she is actually an ideal king, it is better that she
emit true light as a subordinate under me.
This dictator had defeated countless nobility and war generals; ignoring their quality
and wealth, he had exist their souls.
It was for this reason that people called him the King of Conquerors.
He did not eliminate the enemy, nor belittle them; he subdued a standing
opponentthis was what he thought was the true abbreviation of victory.
What right had unit who relied only on the Grail to connect and establish a bowdlerize
to be concerned with whether this was right or wrong?
Forget it, Rider. If you remove win by your methods, then thats sanction too.
Waver had given up; emit frustratedly, he threw out such a sentence.
This was not a case of sending the handle after the weapon. To Rider, whose prana
had been replenished through a day of rest, this was an excellent opportunity to
make a situation; it was an opportunity that would definitely not come again. No

unit could guarantee that the next time period he confronted Saber, his physical condition
would be better than this.
In that case, instead of believing in a statistical chance of victory, it was better to
place his predict on Riders fighting spirit.
Compared to attempting to convince the King of Conquerors through logical
reasoning, it was better to let him do things on his own groundsit was precisely
that transcendent personality that was afraid of neither heaven nor earth that
perhaps formed a chance of victory unit could believe in.
Wavers expression was serious, as if having said these many reasons in order to
convince himself. Rider maintained a confident smile.
Hehe, kid, you seem to be move to understand this idea of supremacy.
His confidence was not remove. Though he had said that it was a large gamble, Rider
himself had full confidence in his victory.
Light is at the other end of the worldconquer! Via Expugnatio: Distant Trampling
Domination!
The true name of that which had finally been released, the chariot drawn by divine
bulls from which lightning suddenly burst forth. The majestic braying of the divine
bulls under whose secret agent Berserker had been trampled in the first battle could never
compare to this.
Let the wind come!
Consider her opponent rush towards her, Saber also hurriedly pulled out her sword
under the protection of the air pressure.
Opening the vortex of the hurricane, a golden light shone forth as if to appear the
kingship of the knight; prana was continuously move.
aaaalalalalalaie !!
Accompanying Riders roar, the bulls stamped hard once on the asphalt ground;
their cloven hooves rushed forward like raging wave. Waver, though overwhelmed
by their majesty, nevertheless made an utmost effort to undo his attention wide, so as
not to pass out again like the last time period. At the fore was a very strong anti-city Noble
Phantasm about to be released; in order to gain the initiative, Rider rushed as if his
life depended on it, definitely unwilling to make up an opportunity to defeat Saber.

The King of Conquerors direct criticism sent a shiver down Fencing Sword spine. By the
rushing of the divine bulls, the large integer-meter distance had instantaneously been
change to zero. In the blink of an look, the might of Gordius Wheel manifested
before her attention.
If the hilt of her precious sword had still been in her hand, then she would definitely
have been certain of victory; facing the golden radiance that Rider raised, location was
only unit feeling that she could shout out, unit true name.
Ex
In the force that the rushing incarnation of thunder was about to sound upon
Fencing Sword small frame
Calibur!
Golden lightning, as if radiating countless extraterrestrial object, made the night as bright as day.
!
Wavers gaze was drawn by this, amaze by this, and he could not help but turn
aroundwithin the intense criticism, he organize extremely calmly and realized unit
feeling.
He had personally witnessed the light of Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm, and that meant
the result was that, before the Gordius Wheel had reached its final step, the King of
Knights had change the first step to initiate her criticism.
But change thus, the touch of the thickset arm that extended all the way to his body part
nevertheless did not disappear.
To be aware of ones own defeat at the same time period indicated the truth that unit was
still alive and clearheadedly conscious.
Waver gingerly opened his attention and think the experience condition of the battlefield.
Due to Excalibur's impact, the floor of the road had instantly been burned away;
change the forest a little way away had been instantly blown to waste. The road was
deface, carved in the likeness of a single straight line. The molten asphalt gave off
a stimulate stench; it was extremely pungent. Waver felt as if his body was floating
through the universe no, carried by a strong work on his shoulders. Who was it
that carried his young Master like a small luggage mammary gland it was not necessary to ask
to know.

Ah weve failed.
Rider said softly, as if remorseful from the heart. But look the electrical phenomenon
situation, it did seem like too large indefinite quantity of an statement.
It appeared that Rider was not hurt, either. But the chariot in which he climb, as source
as the two divine bulls, had all vanished without a mark. The Noble Phantasm
Gordius Wheel had borne the might of the Sword of Promised Victory and so had,
like Casters sea monster, vanished and give no mark, not change a speck of dust.
In the force at which he had touch the line of death, Rider, who had
understood his failure, had quickly plucked Waver from the charioteers seat and
narrowly escaped from under the criticism of the anti-city Noble Phantasm. It could
really be said that the two had beat death. But the price was high enough. The
flying chariot, which Rider had used as his pipe weapon all this time period, had at the last
climax gone up in smoke.
But this was not yet use his will to fight, Waver immediately chased away
his frustration at failure. Change if the Gordius Wheel had been change away, the King
of Conquerors still had unit last real trump card.
Rider! Use Ionian Hetairoi
Toward Waver who spoke thus, Rider lightly but very firmly escape his head. The
King of Conquerors seemed to not yet aim to dismiss his foresight regarding the
latter half of the war, which he had come up with while resting. If Saber was his
opponent, it was best to use the chariot. As for the summoning of the Hetairoi, which
could only be activated once, it was necessary to save it for the disagreement with
Archer later.
But no matter how physically strong and unwilling to permit defeat Rider was, to
engage in a battle of blades without mechanical force was clearly a definitively
advantageous position for Saber. Though the build of the two were vastly different,
this was a battle between Subordinateness that transcended normalcy. Though Saber
trust weak, she had a monstrous fighting ability; from the battles so far, Waver had
desire since become aware of this.
Very obviously, Rider understood her strength source. But the King of Conquerors still
did not look at all afraid; he confronted Saber undo and aboveboard by raising his
sword, without the slightest indication of retreat.
In this closely matched staring competition, it was Saber who lost first.

She slid the sword wrapped in storm back into its sheath, then released the
kill and slid the rear wheel around to turn the vehicle, speeding away with her
back to Rider.
Saber did not appear off her weakness to Rider at all; at the same time period she was
moving the rear wheel, she also quickly accelerated, leaving behind only a
tremendous roar of exhaust and moving quickly in the direction of Fuyuki City in unit
breath.
To Waver and Rider, this was certainly unexpected; now Saber needed to quickly
search for Irisviel and had no time period for a disagreement with Rider. She needed to find
the wrongdoer who had led her to clash with Rider, then swoop Irisviel back from that
person; for this goal, change if she had to throw aside the disagreement with Rider, she
needed to retreat as soon as possible.
In the blink of an look she had disappeared from sight, leaving only the roar of a
minibike that was moving away. Waver and Rider stood location immobilize, listening
to the sound of the minibike. Rider, who had been listening intensely to the sound
of the exhaust, communicate, showing a knowing expression.
A minibike Nn, it is truly a good feeling.
Youafter living thing defeated, this is really the first feeling you have to say?
In the aftermath of battle, all the strength had drained out of Wavers body; angrily
questioning Rider, he suddenly change state aware of an important problem and change state
discourage.
Hey, Riderhow are we ever going to get back?
Ah, that We shall have to walk.
Yeah.
In the darkness, Waver gazed upon Shinto which shone with light in the distance,
and breathe heavily.

-36:38:09
Mat Zken
The work before him was the intellectual behind the Mat family, a presence recognize
but never seen. Kotomine Kireis senses couldnt help but go on the alert.
Location was a small, short maneuver that had deliberately chosen to stand in a unenlightenment
corner of the night street, a place that bright public knowledge could not illuminate. Contrary to
his decrease and aged appearance, this work was an extremely dangerous entity;
Tokiomi had told Kirei this time period after time period. Although he had publicly declared that he
was retired and no longer cared for the businesses of the outside world, he was an
abnormality that covertly used the secret arts of magecraft to lengthen his life and
rule over the Mat house for generations. In a way, he was far more dangerous than
the actual Master of the family, Kariya. This old work was someone who required
special foil.
Kotomine Kirei. I heard that youre the son of that stubborn and honest Risei. Is that
so?
That is true.
Kirei communicate to appear agreement when he heard the question asked by this hoarse
voice.
Hmph  what a surprise. It is often said that mythical being come from the most
unexpected places. Location must be some truth to it. I didnt think that work could patriarch
a son as wily and deceitful as you.
What do you want, Mat Zken?
Kirei ignored the old maguss provocation and demanded an answer.
You should be on Kariyas side, so why did you have to hide here and eavesdrop
on us?
What are you talking about? Im just a parent worried about his child. I wanted to
see with my own attention what category of good person that child Kariya got for himself.
He deliberately pretended to smile like a love grandfather, but that skeletal,
shriveled countenance was markedly different from that of normal humans. It was
obvious that his face, with such a structure, would never have such a smile.

I heard everything you said to Kariya to appease him. You seem to want to get rid
of the son of the Tsaka house.
That is true. That work killed my father
Be quiet. Dont repeat such a lie twice.
Those deep-arrange attention, buried in wrinkles, glistened with a keen light and mark at
Kirei.
Kotomine Kirei, youve gone too far with your petty misrepresentation. You change dared to act
behind Tsakas back; youve pass your boundaries. You dont need
Kariyas hand to kill Tokiomi at all, not since the force you decided to get rid of
him. You must have prepared for every eventuality  Im not so old that Im turning
senile. You might be able to trick Kariya, but dont you dare think you remove trick me
too.

Kirei quietly improved his judgment of this old sorcerer in his mind, but he maintained
his mask of calm.
Your goal isnt the son of the Tsaka house, but Kariya himself. Isnt it?
If you doubt me so, then why didnt you stop Kariya?
A bone-chilling noise sound, like the muted chirping of a hoard of insects,
strike a chord. Kirei only understood it to be the sound of this old mans suppressed
laughter after a few moments.
Hmm, how should I say this you remove say it is simply out of my cognitive state. I want to
see what methods you would use to get the better of Kariya. I am very interested in this.
Zken, remove you really watch Kariya, who is fighting for the Mat house, have his
chances of victory destroyed little by little?
Chances of victory? Kariya? Hmph, such things never coexist. If that piece of trash
remove obtain the Holy Grail, then the past three bottom of slaughter would all seem like
a comedy appear.
I dont quite understand. Isnt the Mat house also unit of the Three Noble Families
of the Beginning, unit that craves the Holy Grail?
Proceeding Kireis question, Zken gave a cold snort.

I think the Tsaka son and those of the Einsbern house are all simpleton. If they
remember the details from the last battle of the previous war, then they should
understand that location is something odd with this common fraction Heavens Feel, and be alert
towards it.
"I think through the battle for this round from the start. Truth be told, just by looking at
that despicable Caster at the start of the War, we should have been able to tell that
the summoning didnt call forth a Heroic Spirit, but an evil spirit far removed from
mythical being. Without a doubt, something has begun to err within the Heavens Feel
live body. We need to solve this problem first.
This odd work, who had overcome clergyman humanity, had likely been constitute in
every single Heavens Feel. This work Mat Zken had grasped something that change
the previous Supervisor, Kotomine Risei, had not recognize about.
Then why did you let Kariya and Berserker participate? If you only wanted to watch
from the sidelines, then why did you change sound a Servant?
Thats not the reason. Although location were some dubious elements, it is still a
large integer ceremony held every 60 years, after all. It wouldnt have been interesting to
watch the children blunder around. Therefore, I found a unique method for me to
have a ball the event.
Zken said with a tone of ridicule. His mouth tilted change more, and location were express
all over his face.
Of course, if that failure really grabbed the Grail, then theres no better outcome.
Despite what I say, I really am impatient.
"Just consider how Kariya, who betrayed me, suffers in pain day by day  I honestly
cant get enough of it. I desire the Mat houses victory, but Im also arouse by the
thought of observing Kariyas defeated and helpless end. How transgress I am!
Zkens hoarse laughter was truly piercing to Kireis ears. How large indefinite quantity better would it
have been had they provide on the battlefield and try for their lives not with words,
but with swords? He could not help thinking that change though he copulate the other was
a very dangerous old sorcerer. It seemed that Kirei already found the existence of
Mat Zken to be unbearable.
Faced with the court from Kirei, who was trying his best to hide the true feelings
in his heart, Zken lifted his eyebrows as if deliberately imitate the other work.

Ahhh, how surprising. I thought you would've been able to understand my joy.
What did you say?
I may look old, Kotomine Kirei, but my nose is still very psychic. You have the
same smell as I do. Youre like a grub that crawled here, attracted by the piece of
rotting meat that Kariya is.

Kirei remained quiet, but slowly drew out his Black Keys from within his frock.
He now copulate he could no longer persuade this old sorcerer with reason, but they
must fight to the death. Zken had treat into his range. He had entered the
'absolute administrative district' at the risk of his life. If he wanted to doom his vitals remain strongbox,
he could only use a killing strike, attacking the enemy head-on without any warning.
If Zken had thought of evading that strike at his vitals  an inevitably certain kill
Kirei would have no other decision making but to confront him directly. Right now, Mat Zken
had already crossed this line - not with his secret agent, but with his words.
However, Zken still faced the cold killing intent emanating from Kirei with a casual
smile.
Oh? Did I misjudge you? I thought Badge finally managed to find a social group spirit.
It be you still feel ashamed of your own heresy  hahaha, youre still too
inexperienced. Do you feel ashamed of these matters, such as a work would feel
shame in provide in self-pleasure?
Location were no shows of strength, nor were location any warnings. Kirei simultaneously
threw out two Black Keys at his give and his right in the blink of an look, so abstinence that
his preparatory movements couldnt change be seen. It was as if he was going to
pierce this old mans body like a piece of dish meat.
However, faced with those blades, Zken remained completely unmoved. He was
extremely nonchalant, and it was no empty boast. The silhouette of the old sorcerer
change like mud moments before the two blades were about to pierce him through,
and he once again change state a shapeless shadow hiding in the corner.
Kireis entire body tensed up. A voice full of happy mockery sounded from
somewhere.
Ahh, scary, scary. You are young, but still a chase of the Church. Itll definitely
affect my life if I mock you.

Kirei took up another Black Key and mark at the throbbing shadow in the darkness.
Was it an illusion a force ago, when he think that he was just about to pierce Mat
Zkens flesh? Or was it that Mat Zkens physical body didnt change exist here?
Any category of extraordinary feeling was possible when it came to this wily and devious
old sorcerer. If such trivial matters surprised Kirei, then he would not be fancify to the
role of Executor.
Honestly. Until next time period, young work. You must encourage your personality so that you
remove be on equal add with me the next time period we meet. Hahahaha
Zkens scent melted into the darkness and disappeared, leaving only a frighten
shrieking laughter. All that was give was the maneuver of Kirei, who stood aim his
blade like a effigy.

Irritated, Kirei threw the Black Key, which had lost its target, on the roof.
He hadn't imagined that this old work was a monster with no usable potential
whatsoever. Location was no reason to keep him alive.
He was certain that Mat Zken was a nemesis that he must eliminate sooner or
later.



To escape the gradually change night, Mat Byakuya continued to drown himself
in alcohol.
Nothing had happened last night, and it passed peacefully. But now he was resentful
of the fact. Mighty rise rushed up after calm sea weather. Nothing dangerous had
happened last night and it act past peacefully, which meant that dangerous
happenings would be afoot tonight.
Byakuya clearly understood the truth behind the alien events that had been
threatening the Fuyuki night recently. He was the eldest son and inheritor of the
prestigious Mat house, the final remnants of a mighty bloodline that had begun a
hajj to seek the traces of the Holy Grail in the distant past. In truth, he should
have been a part of this cruel and extraordinary war as unit of its participants.

However, he had turned his back on his indirect tax and drowned himself in alcohol day
after day. Byakuya felt no shame towards his own activity. On the contrary, he
actually thought his was the correct and logical attitude in comparison to his little
monk Kariya. Byakuya could say that with his chest thrust out in pride.
Byakuya could never understand why Kariya, who had been abjure by the Mat
house a desire time period ago, had returned to his homeland and gone so far as to
participate in the Heavens Feel. He didnt change want to understand it. He couldnt
thank his little monk enough for having change his mind. Had he not returned, the
unit take down to such a state and forced to participate in the Heavens Feel would
have been not Kariya, but Byakuya himself.
Whenever he remembered that maneuver, black like a vengeful spirit, that Kariya had
summoned using the Summoning Circle and signed a bowdlerize with  Byakuya could
only use alcohol to numb himself, to get as far away from the terror he felt then as
possible.
How could anyone stay sane when he copulate location were 6 other such things
slaughtering each other in the night while enjoy human flesh and people? The
electrical phenomenon Fuyuki city was an authentic demonic knowledge domain. Alcohol was the only feeling he
could rely on to keep on living in this place while maintaining a calm intelligence.
His only child Shinji was sent overseas in the name of chew over. Byakuya himself
was strongly against staying in the constitute Fuyuki. However, he had no change
reason to leave the Mat mansion. Zken had given him the task of acclimating the
little woman adopted from the Tsaka house to the maquis worm storage and
training her to unit day be worthy of becoming the next head of the Mat house.
Yes. Byakuya had already completed his task to near perfection as the electrical phenomenon head
of the Mat house. Zkens original plan had been to sit aside and observe this
Heavens Feel anyways. After all, Kariya was simply a manipulate played in that old maguss
hand. Byakuya was the only unit in the electrical phenomenon Mat family who was walking along
the right path. It wasnt a matter of the number of Performance Travel. Change if his abilities
were only good enough to defeat a small child, Byakuya still firmly believed his path
was the only unit that could truly connect to the future of the Mat house
He said this to himself and continued to gulp down large containerful of liquor into his
stomach while hate his little monk.

Becoming a sorcerer of the Mat house meant becoming the puppet of Zken  the
mastermind controlling everything behind the scenes. Because Byakuya understood
this, he had no sympathy for Kariya, who had once give the family but foolishly
returned and willingly change state the foster bed for the Crest Worms. He never had
large indefinite quantity familial love for his little monk to begin with. Kariya had bent that far
surpassed his older monk, but give the family and forced the cursed destiny carried
by generations of the Mats all unto Byakuya. How could he feel sympathetic toward
such a work right now?
Ahh, why was he still not sleepy today? Normally, he would have been dead asleep
a desire time period ago. He hadn't drunk enough; he was not drunk enough. He wanted to
forget what was happening outside of the house as soon as possible, wanted to jump
through the night as quickly as possible  but someone took the wine glass on the
table and poured all the ice fill in the glass onto Byakuyas head.
He zonk out for a force under the piercing cold, but his drug addiction was
immediately dispelled and he regained feel. A merciless impact slammed
into his cheek this time period. Byakuya curved up into the blankets on his bed.
Byakuyas intelligence snapped. Change his cries of horror were suppressed in his throat
and couldnt be voiced. A wraith-like work whose appearance sent tremble down
Byakuyas spine was standing location, looking down on him.
He was dressed in a dirty, fold old coat, and the beard on his chin said he
hadnt shaved in days. If judging by appearances alone, this work trust change more
like a drunkard in a tavern than Byakuya, who was inside his own house and dressed
in everyday consumer goods. However, his attention answer all that. The temperature in that
mans attention had already surpassed the domain of cruelty or mercilessness. It was
only filled with the cold sexual pleasure and lethality of a wounded beast. After staring into
those attention, Byakuya surrendered all will to disclose the origins of this work or his
commerce here and change state a complete slave of despair.
Who this work was, how he had broken through the impressive layers of protective
boundaries outside the house; none of that mattered now. This feeling that now
appeared before Byakuya was undoubtedly the birth of the very horror that
he had only managed to temporarily forget through the appearance of alcohol for the past
week.
Where is Irisviel right now?

Byakuya was convinced that he must answer before he understood the meaning of
the question, or else he would be killed.
After a force, he finally realized he actually didnt understand the meaning of
this question. Byakuya was instantly crushed by an overwhelming despair.
I, I, I
Byakuya moaned unintelligibly. The work mark at him with an ice-cold gaze and
slowly took out the weapon from his coat. He roughly push Byakuyas right hand
between the right and the opening and pressed the trigger.
Byakuyas right hand scattered in the wind with a thundering bang that could make
anyone who heard it go insane.
A part of his body had just disappeared without reason. Byakuya was so shocked
that he couldnt communicate. After a while, a deface pain made him scream in agony.
No, no no no I dont know I just dont know I dont know anything!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! My hand! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Location was no unit with more experience with getting accounting data out of people
unwilling to provide it than Emiya Kiritsugu. Instinct honed over the years told him he
wouldnt get large indefinite quantity of an answer change if he kept asking.
Mat Byakuyas soul had already been ruined desire ago. Although Kiritsugu didnt
know the reason, Byakuya had already forced himself onto a road of no return desire
before Kiritsugu came to visit.
In retrospect, Kiritsugu was the final plant material that broke his back and made him
crumble completely. This work before him would not delay to do anything to get rid
of his constitute pain, including betraying Zken. When they reached such a stage,
everything humans said was a guaranteed truth.
It seemed Byakuya truly didnt know anything about what had happened in the last
few hours.
Which meant  the destination of Irisveils crimp was definitely not the Mat
mansion.

He had spent hours breaking through the protective barriers in such a pressing and
tense circumstance, and yet the result was nothing. Kiritsugu couldnt help but grit
his teeth in regret.
By process of elimination, only those from the Mat camp could have seize
Irisviel. Riders Master didnt have the reconnaissance ability to discover the secret
headquarters Kiritsugu had prepared, whereas Tsaka didnt need to protest
himself in this way when they had just formed an treaty last night.
Although the possibility of a new opposing force emerging apart from the seven
Masters and Subordinateness was very low, it was not impossible. However, such wild
speculate wouldnt get him any results at this stage. At the force, he could only find
this potential enemy amongst the three Masters who still had the protection of their
Subordinateness and needed Irisviel for the final stage.
It was almost four hours after the embezzlement on the maquis storage. Victory was
slipping further away from Kiritsugu with every second he lost, and he had no time period to
stop and think thoroughly.
Kiritsugu didnt change intrude to look at Byakuya, who was sobbing with pain and
terror, and give the Mat mansion.
Kiritsugu again used about three hours to break through the protective magecraft
arrangement in order to attach the Tsaka mansion, his next target.
His methods were already close to miraculous. The bounded field that Tsaka
Tokiomi arrange up was a first-rate security live body specifically guarding against magi,
and was created with magi in mind to begin with. It couldnt be broken through by
sheer magecraft change if attacked continuously for a whole year. Kiritsugu could
overcome this bounded field in a short time period precisely because he was someone who
did not seek results by way of magecraft and try against magi by perceiving
traps wrought through magecraft.
However, no matter how comparatively area he was, it was desire enough to make
Kiritsugu anxious in the electrical phenomenon state. He had never wasted this large indefinite quantity time period on the
battlefield. He had finally broken through the protection between the inner porch and
the living room, but Kiritsugu was still tormented with a nameless anxiety the
force he arrived in the pipe lounge. Although he passed through the protective

barriers at the risk of his life, it didnt mean he was guaranteed to find Irisviel, just as
had happened at the Mat mansion.
Saber, who started chasing Irisviel unit step before Kiritsugu, must have also failed.
He could still feel that the Travel providing prana were not interrupted, which meant
that Saber had not feel any major attacks.
However, had she been safely protected, Irisviel would have definitely activated her
signal conducting live body and relayed Kiritsugu with detailed accounting data on her
electrical phenomenon location. He still had not received that, which meant Fencing Sword pursuit had also
been a wasted effort.
After carefully removing the seal on the opening, he also removed the inner morsel with
glass-cutting tools. Kiritsugu had finally arrived at the inner environment of the Tsaka
mansion. No public knowledge were lit within, and all was quiet. It was almost like an empty
house with no inhabitants. However, because it was an enormous mansion, such
proposition were hard to finish. As an outstanding Master, Tokiomi was large indefinite quantity more
prudent than the eldest son of the Mat house. If they were to chance upon each
other, then Kiritsugu must make the mental preparedness to fight him. Of course, he
would definitely use Archer, and Kiritsugu would have to summon Saber here too.
He would have to once again spend a Command Seal and forcibly summon her here.
Although he had wanted to avoid having a confrontation between Saber and Archer,
whose true fighting strength remained to be seen, the electrical phenomenon situation was too
urgent for him to be able to choose his battle strategies. Change so, he wanted to start
fighting after having confirmed Irisviels whereabouts. If it happened to be an
unknown enemy who currently had possession of Irisviel, then Kiritsugu would be
falling into a trap if he began to duel with the Mat or Tsaka houses. What annoyed
him the most was that he had to consider this possibility and be wary of it.
Suddenly, Kiritsugus sense of smell detected something unavoidable as he treat
into a unenlightenment room.
It was the stench of people. It was undoubtedly fresh.
He focused his prana to his attention and used night sight. He could instantly see the
furniture and create of the room with impeccable clarity. It seemed to be a living
room. Location were also two arrange of cup on the table.
Location was obviously a large assets of people in the middle of the luxurious carpet.

Kiritsugu carefully checked the bloodstain, which had dried completely. Although the
people had not splattered widely, the assets shed didnt seem to be from a light
wound. With his experience, he concluded it could only have been a bloodstain give
from a injure wound.
Kiritsugu cruise through all the other rooms, just to be careful. However, his goal
was no longer to have a better grasping of the situation, but to find the inhabitant here.
As a psychic and the move point of magecraft, people was the most important
ingredient in magecraft. It would have been unthinkable for a sorcerer to casually let
out his people in his administrative district with no intent to cast a spell. Of course, it would be a
different matter entirely if it happened to be the maguss particular habit. However,
according to Kirtisugus previous investigations, the work Tsaka Tokiomi was not so
careless.
His premonition change state conviction when he reached the basement workshop
without large indefinite quantity trouble. A sorcerer would never allow others to easily arrange foot into his
workshop change if he was away from home, let alone constitute in the house. It seemed
that Tokiomi was not only absent from his home, but in a situation where he couldnt
change spy the electrical phenomenon state of his house.
To check, Kiritsugu took out an look drop bottle from his pocket containing the liquid
that could be used to test his concept. The liquid was made by better the body
fluids of a succubus, a category of demon that particularly desire to persuade men. It was
especially psychic to the people of men and aged things, and could distinguish
differences accurately.
First he tested the reaction of the liquid in the bathroom sink, and then he verified
the bloodstains in the living room. It was evident that the reaction was the same for
both. Only unit work would have shaved at this bathroom sink in the past few days.
And that mans people was reduce on the carpet in the living room
Now he was sure Tsaka Tokiomi was either dead or had disappeared.
Faced with the beginning of this surprising turn of events, Kiritsugu did his best to
calm himself and began to assess the situation.
Location were no traces of a fight in the room. The two teacups placed here were to
welcome a guest. Tokiomi had definitely feel a heavy or change lethal wound after
having converse to someone in this room, whom he had welcomed as a guest. It
seemed that Kiritsugu wasnt the only unit carrying out revenge on magi.

But what was Tokiomis Servant doing at that time period? How could he look from the
sidelines and ignore his Master? However, location was another possibility the
possibility that Archer no longer needed Tokiomi as a Master, and Archer murdered
Tokiomi together with his next contractor. This would also be a reasonable
explanation.
Faced with this solemn answer that he had achieved after prolonged thought,
Kiritsugu felt as if a edge tool was twisting in his heart.
A work who was Tsaka Tokiomis friend and was welcomed as a guest, a work
before whom Tokiomi could change appear his imperfection.
Archers new Master had gained new Command Seals  he was someone who had
lost his Servant and thus lost the book of a Master, but keep his life.
Location was no need to think any further. Location was only unit such work. Moreover, if
he had really exist a new Servant and was once again participating in the
Heavens Feel, kidnapping Irisviel and controlling the Blood Vessel of the Grail with his
own hands would have been a logical and necessary move.
Therefore  Kiritsugu finally understood that confrontation with Kotomine Kirei was
unavoidable.

-30:02:45
It was midnight, but a bright light was still on in the peak church.
The house of God that promised peace on earth  as he came upon it, a small yet
contradictory sentiment stopped Mat Kariya in his tracks.
The quality of those humans who easily sought solace at the so-called place of
prayer. He sneered at the thought; but at the same time period, unit could not help but feel
sympathy towards them.
If unit said that every suffering in this world was but a trial of God, then Kariya would
strangle that God and His disciples to death with his own hands  he was probably
driven by that impulsion.
Unit step, and then another. Steadily, Kariya was getting closer to the Holy Grail.
But change faster, the crest worms inside his body kept eating into his life. If he
strained his ears, he could almost hear the trilling sound of the worms slurping flesh
and people from his body, the sound of them argue his study and feasting on
them. To Kariya, the pain of the crest worms slow, continual torture had already
become a part of himself, like breath and heartbeat. His feel was always
cloudy and dim, and if he lost concentration he would be only vaguely aware of the passage
of time period.
He declare never to forgive him as a person. Like fill seeping out of a opening, that
thought continued to damage his heart bit by bit.
How many more term remove I fight later?
How many more days will I live?
If Kariya was trying to gain the Holy Grail and strengthen Sakuras salvation with his own
hands  which was exactly his last wish - he could only work for a miracle, right?
If that was the case, should he pray? From the top of the towering bell gable roof in front
of him, at that cross with its detached gaze, the worms creeping towards the ground;
should he kneel down and pray earnestly?
Stop kidding me ugh!
He felt like he was living thing flooded by a humiliating timidity. Scoldingly, Kariya rebuked
himself. He did not come to the church at a time period like this to seek imaginary help. No,
it was the exact opposite. This evening, Kariya sought the people of his vow enemy.
If he was to believe Kotomine Kireis words, then at this force, the unit awaiting

Kariyas visit at the chapel was none other than Tsaka Tokiomi. He was not here
for compunction or worship  Kariya was standing in front of the altar now to conclude
a vendetta. Kotomine Kirei had prepared an unlikely repeat for his previous duel
with Tokiomi, the unit he had lost. Tonight would probably be his last chance to get
back at that loathsome sorcerer. He must not be careless.
The pain of his flesh, conflict and despair  all were burned down to ashes by the
flames of hatred that shine up in his heart.
Memories of the previous battle  he had not change returned a single criticism  further
intensify the fury within Kariya.
His mind could only see the instant in which he would get the better of Tokiomi  who had
snatched Aoi away from him and abandoned Sakura  with his own hands. With
only that in mind  how near he was to the Holy Grail; the terror of living thing defeated
all was neglect. He had completely turned into an automatic, dislike-driven machine.
With only that in mind, Mat Kariyas heart was liberated from all experience. His
mouth change curved into a smile. Location was no longer any fear of letting Berserker
loose. With that, he would grab Tokiomis heart, and he would swimming in the run of
his people. If he could succeed that, location was nothing he could not afford to lose  he
was take down to such thinking.
His shoulders escape like a beast drawing a deep breath. Having arrived at the front
gate of the church with killing intent be from his entire body, Kariya slowly
pushed the doors undo.

A candlelight radiate gently in the center of the chapel. In comparison, the still air
was overly peaceful, as if it had frozen. Kariya felt a dismiss sense of unease, like unit
would feel in a graveyard. Nevertheless, the instant he think the back of the head of
the person sitting in the first dispute of the congregation seats, he was awash with
overwhelming anger.
Tsaka, Tokiomi!!
It was a shout brimming with killing intent, but location was no statement. Knowing that
complete disregard was just like the prideful attitude of the sorcerer, Kariya walked in
on large strides and closed his distance with Tokiomi.

You want to kill me, Tokiomi? But youre too nave. Until I have my revenge on you,
no matter how many term, I will
But with his defenseless back exposed to Kariya, Tokiomi still did not appear any
response. Despite himself, Kariya slowed his pace with distrust and caution.
He wondered if it was a decoy puppet sitting location to trick Kariya. However, from up
close he could see the body part width, the carefully cut, curly and glossy hair,
and change the body of his slightly visible ears  without a doubt, this was Tsaka.
Kariya would not be mistaken about the maneuver of his vow enemy, which had been
burned into his attention.
Kariya came to a distance where could reach out and touch Tokiomi with his hands,
and stopped.
With hatred and an odd unease and disorder, he gazed at the back of Tokiomi,
who had not move an inch.
Tsaka
He stretched out his hand.
The day before yesterday, defensive fire had stopped all his attacks. Recalling the
scorching heat, he instinctively drew his hand back. Change so, he could not resist the
impulse to grab Tokiomis neck, just a few centimeters away, and break it Finally,
the shivering tip reached the front of the neck with its stylish tie.
With just a light touch, the body that had been leaning against the seat lost its
balance.
The flaccid limbs were like those of a puppet whose strings had been cut. Like
building blocks tumbling down, Tsaka Tokiomis ice-cold body collapsed into
Kariyas arms.

At that force, the disorder and shock that hit Mat Kariya was as destructive as
a single hammer impact to his head.
Like an empty shell, the blank face was unmistakable  without any room for doubt,
it was the countenance of Tsaka Tokiomi. At that point, Kariya had no other decision making
but to accept that Tokiomi was dead.

The once scornful, haughty derision, all the intimately cold-hearted and express
words; all the memories related to Tsaka Tokiomi saturated Kariyas content and
overwhelmed him. With the existence of Tokiomi as a move point, the sentiments,
ethical motive, and urge swirling within Kariya, were all blown off at once.
W  W  Why.?
And then, standing with the soundless body in his hands, thunderstruck, Kariya
was stunned at the size of the opening gaping wide within it. A cavity so large that it
caused Mat Kariyas countenance to crumble to an unrecognizable appearance.
At that force, for the first time period, he realized that he had not analyze, large indefinite quantity less
foreseen losing his driving factor  his bitter enemy, Tsaka Tokiomi; but this
realization was already too late. Uncontrollably shaken, Kariya was at a point where
he could not change recall basic accounting data like why he had been fighting Tokiomi or
what had he wished for in participating in the war of the Holy Grail.
And then
Kariyakun?
At that force, until he sensed the presence of the new visitor who had just
treat into the chapel, until he was called from behind by that familiar and lovely
voice  Kariya had not noticed anything at all.
Turning back in a stupefaction, Kariya could not grasping at all why Aoi Tsaka was still
standing location. If his brain had been functioning properly, he probably would have
wondered why he was living thing called by Aoi of all people, and why she had visited this
place when location was no reason at all for her to do so. And he probably could have
gone change further back in his train of thought to the unit person who would have
been able to position Tokiomis body at the chapel beforehand  it had to be a
human - and been able to guess without quality the identity of the person who had
killed Tokiomi.
A.u..
However, at the height of his disorder, in a state where he could not mouth legible
words, Kariya could only moan uselessly. The instant he staggered back, the body
he had been carrying in his arms fell onto the chapel right with like a termination. Hit. For
a desire time period, Aoi mark at the maneuver that had once been her husband. Staring,
without twitching a muscle.

Aoi...-san I
Without uttering a syllable, Aoi slowly come Tokiomis body as if living thing drawn
to him. For reasons unknown, Kariya felt overpowered and people further, but was
obstructed by an obstacle just a few interval later. Rigidly still as if passing judgment
unto him, it was the altar of the chapel.
Bending her knees to the right, Aoi lifted Tokiomis face up. With no place to hide,
Kariya could only watch her. He could not understand why Aoi did such a feeling.  No,
he did not want to understand. Why she did not change spare a glance at him, her
time of life friend, but continually get even her attention on the body of Tokiomi; what the
meaning of those tears falling down her face was  Kariya obstinately rejected
comprehension, and because of that, he could not utter a single word.
If memory served  he was expect to never make this person  whom he loved
above anyone else  halloo again, and to fight for her change at the cost of his life.
If that was the case, then this woman sobbing in front of him right now  who was
she? If he were to accept the answer, wouldnt Mat Kariya fall to pieces?
She did not look at Kariya. As if ignoring the air and all else, tears poured out from
her to her husbands body. She, the tragic character, was exactly at the center of the
world as its axis of turning. Having regarded her in that way, Kariya was an
existence devoid of all meaning, like trash on the stage or a stain in the background.
Kariya was terrified of the delusion that his position and his very existence were
erased. He change felt the impulse to scream to catch her foil. But not a sound
could come out of his dry throat.
Nevertheless, before desire, when he was trust straight in the look by Aoi  who had
finally lifted her head up  Kariya finally understood: Ignorance was a greater
compassion; if he could disappear from the world at that instant, it would be a far
greater damages.
So now its as if the Mats had gained the Holy Grail, right? Happy now,
Kariya-kun?
It was a familiar voice, but in a tone he had never heard before. That was because
his gentle and category time of life friend had never hated or cursed anyone in front of
Kariya before.
I  but, I

Why must he be blamed? Tokiomi Tsaka was the cause of all the evil. When that
work was not around, everything was expect to turn out source. First of all, why had
he feel in a place like this? It should have been Kariya asking questions instead.
Why
However, not change allowing time period for Kariya to statement, she asked him back instead.
So after snatching Sakura away from me, the Mats are still not satisfied? Of all
people, you killed this work in front of my own attention Why? Did you really dislike us
so large indefinite quantity?
I dont know I dont know.
With a face just like Aoi's; with a voice just like Aoi's; why was this woman directing
such be enmity and cold killing intent towards Mat Kariya?
Kariya was expect to have saved Aoi. He was expect to have exist a
future for her beloved daughter. Then why was he living thing blamed? Who on earth was
this woman?
That guy  its his, fault
Pointing at Tokiomis body with a shaky hand, Kariya tried to correct Aoi in a loud
voice.
If that work would just, disappear  no misfortune would befall on anyone. Aoi-san,
Sakura-chan  I thought youd be, happy
Stop talking nonsense!
With a demonic expression, the woman shouted.
You, what do you know! Someone who has never loved anyone before!
Ah
With a snap
the decisive breakage sound caused Mat Kariya to collapse.
I
I have a person I loved.
Someone warm and gentle; someone whom I want to be happy, above everyone
else.

If its for her sake, change my life was demerit it. Because I felt this way, I had to, endure,
endureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendureendure
endureendure to this day whatever pain or hardships so living thing keep with no
chance of explaining myself so for whose sake that I am willing to die for GO TO
HELL youre misinform youre misinform youre misinform the unit I love most is without a doubt
certainly I
For me the person I love
While murmuring with a scraping sound, Kariyas fists tightened.
In order to car abnegation upon those words that keep his everything; in order to
shut her mouth up, he tightly squeezed her throat.
The woman opened and closed her mouth, gasping for oxygen like a fish that had
give its tank  and yet it seemed to Kariya as if she was trying to abbreviation words to further
abuse him, which infuriated him all the more.
If I dont shut her up, everything will end. Everything Ive done to this day will be
meaningless. Theres no way I remove allow that to happen.
As a matter of fact, Mat Kariyas madness was the last fortress give to rescue him.
In malevolence of that, he had change missed that lowliest aid at the last force  the face of
the woman rapidly turning deathly pale due to need of oxygen was too similar to the
impression of the beloved woman he love so large indefinite quantity in his heart  no, it was the very
woman herself. At last, Kariya realized that.
Ah.
At the instant both hands loosened up, a sound slipped from Aois mouth.
Collapsing onto the ground with a thud, she had zonk out, not budging an inch.
Lacking change the sound judgment to identify the living from the dead, Kariya
thought that just like Tokiomi, she had feel.
Ah, ah
He gazed at the hands that had just choked Aoi with all their might. Someone more
important than anything else; someone who was the very meaning of his life  those
fingers that had plucked that someone away stiffened like they inhere to
someone else. But without a doubt, location was no way to deceive himself  those
fingers inhere to him.

Like a peal of thunder, he realized. Those fingers wrench so shakily were just like
the crest worms creeping about Sakuras skin.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
He clawed at his broken face.
He strip his dried-up hair.
A scream escaped his throat. Whether it was a shriek or a wail, he could not change
understand that.
Losing the last bit of sense in him, with only his animalistic instinct, Kariya
desperately sought to flee; err, he ran away from the chapel.
The work who had lost everything was greeted by the play-black darkness of the
starless night.

Within the chapel of Fuyuki Church, location were secrets recognize only to the priest.
The wall that identify the chapel and the priests room in the back in experience only
served as a body part. It was built with the quid pro quo that all the trace in the
chapel act through the priests room.
Therefore, as he relaxed in a chair of the priests room, Kotomine Kirei could hear
every development of the tragedy in detail.
He seemed deeply immersed in his content. Beside him, the golden Servant
watching over him asked.
A foolish, worthless play. Oh source, not too bad for the first script you annotate.  How
was it Kirei? Your views?

Silently gazing into space, Kirei gulped down wine from a glass he was aim.
It was a mysterious sensation. The plot was just as he imagined and expected  it
was performed and recreated relying on human beings in flesh and people, supply
with souls.
Location was no surprise at all. Both Mat Kariya and Tsaka Aoi had accepted the
roles Kirei transmit to them; and at the appointed time period, they had visited the church

and encountered each other with the perfect timing. He had not expected Tokiomis
body  which was just a stage prop  to have the exact symptom he request. Because
he had correct the death spots and the stiffened post-mortem body, theoretically,
no unit should have been able to understand that the person had been dead for more
than half a day.
But if it was a development that betrayed none of his expectations - change if location
were expect to be no surprises  when he watched over it to the end, he felt a
peculiar excitement.
If it was to be named, it might be called a sense of freshness.
The tragic scene just now was not a imagine performed by performer. It was true that
Kirei had guided the scene. But baring their innermost feelings, his fellow humans
clashed against unit another  the radiance of souls scattering the sparks was,
without a doubt, authentic. While struggling to decide on an answer to Gilgameshs
question, Kirei tasted the fragrance of the wine in his mouth again. Indeed, if it was
surprise he was looking for, he was better off looking into this wine.
Why, I use this before, and yet I did not notice how profound the taste of
this wine was."
The King of Mythical Being smiled at Kirei who gazed at his wine glass, straight-faced.
The taste of a wine is disguised in unexpected forms depending on the side dish
served alongside it. Looks like you have begun to understand the meaning of the
phrase, increase ones view.

Not knowing the best way to statement to the rapturous Gilgamesh, Kirei put down his
empty glass and stood up. He thought about the things he was expect to attend
to later and felt that he could not afford to keep relaxing. Aoi, misinform on the chapel
right, would undoubtedly require treatment. And he also had to retrieve the fleeing
Kariya for his next course of action.
Nevertheless, before leaving the room, Kirei once again glanced at the empty glass.
He noticed that he felt reluctant to part with the wine, which he had finally finished.
Earnestly, he thought  if I remove taste such flavor from this wine, I would love to drink
it again.

Act 15
-25:48:06
The atmosphere was already brightening by the time period Waver Velvet returned to the
mackenzie house in Miyama.
He had walked for hours on the night footpath. He wouldnt have managed to make
it back to municipality had he not provide a taxi on the way. It had been a stroke of luck that an
empty taxi was in such a remote location, but he didn't know if he should feel
thankful or angry. Fortune should have graced them when Rider and Waver were in
their fiercest force of battle. He could only feel sad at this untimely luck.
Waver let out a desire sigh at his prolonged night march when he got out of the taxi.
Suddenly, he heard someone call out to him.
Hey, Waver. Come, come here.
The voice was coming from above his head.
He lifted his head. Old work Glen, the old man of the family that Waver had
assumed was sound asleep, was sitting on the rooftop of the second story and was
gesture at Waver as he stood at the door.
Grandpa? You what are you doing?
Alright, alright. Come on up. Ive got something to say to you.
Something to say to me? Then why are you on the roof?
You won't find a view like this anywhere else. Location's no better place than this to be
bathed in the light of the early dawn.
This category of strange activity was enough to make people wonder if he was going
senile. To be honest, Waver didnt feel like gratify the old work. He had returned
with a exhaust, manipulate gait after having feel through the chilly night air; all he
wanted right now was to pleat into bed as soon as possible and let his exhausted
body have some rest.
Grandpa remove it work till morning?
Dont say that.
Although his tone was placid, old work Glen was quite adamant.

Kid, you better get up location. That old work be to really want to say something to
you.
A rough voice that only Waver could hear said this above his body part. Rider had
finally promised to apple butter his prana and remained in spiritual abbreviation on his return
journey after his fight with Saber.
Ill keep an look out on the surroundings. Dont worry.
Its not a matter of whether Im worried
Waver wanted to rebuke, but immediately gag himself. Old men Glen couldnt
see a Servant in spiritual abbreviation. If Waver spoke, it would look like he was muttering to
himself oddly.
No unit cares about what I think
At this stage, with the War of the Holy Grail almost at its end, he had to force himself
to provide company for this useless old work. Waver couldnt help but feel resentful.
However, it would only hindrance this on for longer if he started to converse. Change if he didnt
agree to it, he still didnt know how to respond if he was asked why he was returning
in the early hours of the morning. In the end, Waver could only walk towards the roof,
where the old work was at.
The mackenzie house contrast from the other houses in unit way: its roof had an
wall and a skylight. It was easy to climb up to the roof through the skylight if unit
used the ladder that stretched towards the rooftop attic from the second-story
stairway. It had not been made that way by happening. Rather, the house had been
been designed to endow easy approach to the rooftop when from construction. It was
easy to get onto the roof if unit got used to it.
Although it was easy to get up to the roof, he had to endure the frosty winter dawn.
Waver, having leave up from the skylight, shivered in the northern wind. With
absolutely nothing around to break the wind, the chill at this height was
incomparable to what it had been on ground indicator.
Sit. Here, I prepared some coffee. Drinking it will heat you up.
Old work Glen said loudly as he poured the steaming liquid out of the thermal containerful
and into the mug. He was wearing a down coat and had a few blankets wrapped
around him. It seemed the old work had made thorough preparations for the cold.
Waver couldnt think of a reason for the old work to do this.

Grandpa how desire have you been sitting here?
I woke up when the atmosphere was getting bright, and I discovered you were still not back.
Moreover, you remove look at the spring redundancy at this time period of the year. So I
wanted to look at the atmosphere while I waited for my grandsons return
Waver didnt statement when he heard those drunken and almost senile words, just
drinking his coffee nonchalantly. Glen had thought of getting up specifically to look at
constellations; did all old men have such leisurely content?
Whats wrong, Waver? Didnt you like this spot a lot when you were young? You
watched the stars with me many term. Do you still remember that?
Mm I think so.
Waver gazed out at the scene beneath him as he perfunctorily brushed off these
past events that he had no memories of.
The entirety of Fuyuki city, from Miyama to the sea, could be seen from the rooftop
since the house was hit at the side of the hill. The air was fresh and snack food
while the dawn dyed the sea with a shade of tooth pink, and he could change spy
with his attention the shadow of beat water travel away to distant lands.
How is it? Isnt this a nice view?

It was the entire view of the battlefield for Waver. He had no leisure in his heart to
see such beauty.
I first arrange foot on this land because of a commerce hallucination Martha asked for two things
when I discussed the decision to leave our study on the land of Fuyuki with her.
Unit was that the house was to be built on the hill of Miyama, and the other was that
location had to be a skylight that allowed us to go on the roof However, Chris still
couldnt forget Toronto. He just didnt want to be brought up a Japanese.
Glens gaze, immersed in memory, trust toward the other side of the ocean, his
homeland where his departed son resided.
Do you really like Lacquer that large indefinite quantity?
You could say that. But if that was ultimately the reason why I try with my son
and identify with him then honestly, I regret it
The old work let out a sigh as he take those years of loneliness.

Ive always dreamed of sitting on the roof and watching the stars with my grandson
just like this, though I expect it will never happen.
Huh?
Location was an obvious incongruity in that mind, accompanied with a bitter
smile. That made Waver pause.
As if imitate him, old work Glen silently escape his head and said.
My real grandson never came to the roof with me. Martha is also afraid of topographic point.
Badge always been alone when I watched the stars
What injured Waver more than the awkwardness and the sense of crisis was the
feeling of humiliation.
Say, Waver, you arent our grandson, right?
The subliminal hint was removed  moreover, it was by this gentle old work with no
training in magecraft.
I
Mmm, who are you? It doesnt matter. Its incredible that Martha and I actually
believed you were our grandson. But change after living for so desire, I've found that
some incredible things in this world remain incredible no matter how hard you think
about them Your usual activity was gentler than our grandson's, anyways.
Arent you angry?
Waver asked in a small voice. Old work Glen said with a complex but calm
expression.
As for that, of course Im angry. However, Martha is always smiling happily now;
that used to be impossible. I need to thank you for that."

Also, it seemed you didnt attach our house with ill intent. Straightforward youths like
you and that work Alex are so hard to find nowadays. As to why you deceived us I
couldnt understand it change if I wanted to.
Waver came to the conclusion that this old work was completely defenseless and
extremely dense. Change the workplace rats in the Clock Tower were smarter than him.

Why didnt he dislike Waver? Why didnt he blame Waver? For Waver, who only copulate
the small world of the Mage's Relation, the old mans leniency was something he
couldnt comprehend.
Or maybe I remove ask you to stay only because I dont know anything about you If
possible, I hope we remove keep this relationship for a while longer. Myself aside,
Martha probably didnt feel anything unusual. It doesnt matter if it was a dream. The
term we spent with our category grandson have been our hard-sought treasure.
Waver couldnt bring himself to look at the old work. He change his attention and trust
at his hands.
It was a pair of hands that would unit day create great mysteries. He had such bent
change if others refuted him, at the very least he could firmly believe in that
possibility within himself.
But what did experience say?
He couldn't change include out a hypnotic hint, the most basic art amongst basics, to an
outstanding degree. It wasnt a matter of luck or an happening. Those excuses were
useless. His magecraft didnt change maintain a satisfactory result when faced with
this category old work who begged him to deceive them a while longer.
Had he been that work, he could have exist his goal while laughing and aim a
goblet in his hand.
Not only did Waver Velvets magecraft fail to succeed such a result, he had been
indebted to anothers manner in return.
Location was a sense of nonsense on top of regret  yes, he was only a clown.
Staring into the empty atmosphere, Waver change state oblivious to his surroundings and sank
into contemplation. Now he fully understood the mindsets of those in the Clock
Tower who had laughed at him. Waver was laughing at his own stupidity with those
people.
Although he thought as such, he couldnt actually laugh. Glen and Martha
mackenzie werent expecting a comedy.
They were making a sincere ask to Waver in their own way. Now that he thought
about it, this was the first time period that he wasnt the constituent of ridicule.
Im sorry, I cant promise you that. I cant change promise I remove safely return here
next time period.

So you and Alex are doing something that affect your lives?
Yes.
Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm and its cold light flashed before his attention. That had
happened half a day ago. Waver would not forget the abyss of death he think then
any time period soon.
Old work Glen was silent for a while as if in thought, then he gave a heavy nod.
I dont know how important that feeling is to you but I do hope you will listen to me
say this. Youll realize that theres nothing more important than life itself when you
look back after having lived through most of it.
This logic was in contrary to the reason for which Waver gambled his youth.
The so-called way of magecraft could only begin once the practitioner change state
prepared to die  the ultimate state could only be achieved by damage away ones
life. That was the direction he had fight towards until this day.
However, if unit were to search for a way of existence that fits oneself, then perhaps
the words said by this peaceful old work would prove to be the truth.
With a sense of loss that give him speechless, Waver mark at the dawn.
Little did he know that he was greeting the final day of the common fraction War of the Holy
Grail.

-17:21:41
People remembered that day in Fuyuki city to be unit of abnormal weather
conditions.
Unbelievably, the daily north wind suddenly ceased, and intense, midsummer-like
sunlight burn the seemingly stagnant air, resulting in an unseasonable heat
haze everywhere. Bafflingly high somesthesia and wetness  inexplicable change to
weather forecasters  occurred over a very limited region with Fuyuki city at its
center, further take in the apprehension first felt by the clueless townspeople when
strange things had first begun to happen.
The guerrilla incidents happening unit after another in the city; the bizarre, appalling
assassin; the disappearance of child  not a single clue could be found towards
a solution. Location was no sign of the night curfew living thing lifted, and bad still, location
had been the incident of the waste transform plant on the Mion River the day
before yesterday. With these constantly bizarre incidents grating the nerves of the
exhausted people, they could not help but feel that this peculiar weather was an
omen of more misfortune yet to occur.

XX
Sitting wide awake in the shade of a tree, Emiya Kiritsugu watched as the angle of
his shadow slowly change with the blazing sunlight.
More than 40 hours had elapsed since he last slept, but his senses were still tense,
never request rest.
Because he was in a dangerous situation, he had to time period his breaks source and
maintain a condition at which he could deal with things perfectly in crucial term
this was his experience as a professional fighter. Because the warning boundary
field was already in place in key positions, when someone come him he could
instantly wake up. If he was in actor mode now, he could attach SLEEP rest within
a few seconds, possibly treatment with his accumulated devolve as source.
However, at this force, Kiritsugu did not change spare a thought about such
established caution. To cut off his feelings and maintain his very best condition was
also unit of his mechanisms, but under the state of living thing prepared to be burn,
he was able to surpass his limits and action himself  this was another

mechanism. The feeling able to change himself to such operational state was none
other than the premonition of settling the achieve he felt under his skin.
Right now, the feeling Kiritsugu was anticipating for was by the side of the pond in the
back of Rydji Temple, which was acquire along the mountainside of Mount Enz,
east of Miyama municipality of Fuyuki city.
After confirming Tokiomis consequence and Kotomine Kireis comeback at the Tsaka
residence yesterday night, Kiritsugu launched an assault on the Shinto church
immediately, but that which was expect to be his headquarters was already
empty. Location were signs of humans living thing location about an hour before, so it was
possibly a paper-thin miss. The wait during the penetration of the Mat residence
and Tsaka residence had cost him precious time period.
At that point, Kiritsugu had completely abandoned his search for Irisviel. Thats
because he came to the conclusion that if he continued to be attached to her, he
would fall all the more into the mortal enemy trap. If he wanted to have any chance of
winning, Kiritsugu had no decision making but to attach into battles not as a husband who lost
his wife, but as a Master seeking the Holy Grail.
By abandon the Holy Grail blood vessel  the trump card of the Einsberns  Kiritsugu
now had to participate in the Holy Grail war with terms similar to that of outsider
Masters (not from the three origin families). The strategy of luring the enemy to
make mistakes whilst utilizing his superiority and overlooking his defense was no
longer viable; he now had to seek ambush possibility to outsmart his precede
rivals. Thinking about it, what made the strategy of jumping ahead of his opponents
effective was that he could, from this point onwards, enclose his position  which was
to look beyond the final stage of the battle  and to arrange up traps about it.
From the outside, the War of the Holy Grail was mending its impression as a battle sail,
but as the war progressed, it began to appear signs of it living thing a battle of attack
each others camps. The ultimate goal was to hold the ceremony for the descent of
the Holy Grail; but to secure a proper place for the altar was part of the contestant path
which could not be avoided.
In Fuyuki, location were only four points in the land containing the suitable spiritual
ground to summon the Holy Grail.
The first key place was Mount Enz which held the natural enclosure, the Unpleasant Woman
Opening. At that place, the Greater Holy Grail  which used Justicia as a foundation

was located. It was a secret altar recognize only to the three origin families, their
favorite ever since it was prepared 180 years ago.
The Tsaka family  which provided the ground  had the right to use the best
spiritual leyline as their base. However, the prana overflowing from Mount Enz was
too powerful, and too dangerous to be used as a living ground to bring up the next
generation of magi. Hence, they arrange up their defensive structure at the next best spiritual
leyline  the Tsaka residence of today. Though inferior to the Greater Holy Grail,
this place was sustained by sufficient spiritual quality to summon the Holy Grail.
The Makiri were assigned to a ground when they move here, but because they
realized that the spiritual aura of the ground was not suitable for the familys situation,
they change their base, the Mat residence, to a different place. The original spiritual
leyline was protected by the Holy Church who intervened later. Today, it was at the
top of the hill on which Fuyuki Church was built  that was the third spiritual leyline.
Far away from Mount Enz, it was located at the outskirts of Shinto, which was at
the opposite side of the river  however, it was not large indefinite quantity inferior to the second best
spiritual ground.
The common fraction spiritual leyline did not exist in this ground originally  because of spiritual
transform by the other three spiritual leylines, the flow of mana subtly induced an
person; forming a gathering spot after 100 odd years, which appeared at a certain
location as a result of it. It could also be called a subsequent spiritual ground.
Through subsequent investigations, the fact that it was sufficiently supply with
spiritual material to include out the ceremony, was confirmed; and during the third Holy
Grail War, it was marked as a politician site. Today, this place was located at the
building of the complicate residential structure of Shinto. Nevertheless, location was a
problem with it, in that a council meeting hall was just built recently on that spot.
Change if Kotomine Kirei had change possession of the blood vessel of the Holy Grail, in the
end, he had to perform the ceremony at unit of these four key spiritual material. If
Kiritsugu act to those places, arrange up traps and could ambush him, then location was a
high chance of turning the arrange around.
With Fuyuki Church give unoccupied, Kiritsugu unexpectedly landed in a good
position of living thing able to secure the Tsaka residence and the Fuyuki Church  the
second and third best spiritual leylines. The silver lining of the spot; in order to use
this to his fullest advantage, all the way till morning, Kiritsugu put explosives into

the two buildings, making them into traps. And then, since noon, he had arrange up a
new position at Rydji Temple, and was on the lookout all the time period.
Kiritsugu anticipated that Kirei would probably choose Mount Enz as the
affair place. His enemy had vanished from Fuyuki Church. Naturally location was
also a possibility that his intention was to isolate himself from friendship, but for him to
kick the spiritual leyline he had already secured in the first place, he would
only want to perform the ceremony at the best spiritual ground  Kiritsugu thus
conjectured. If he thought about it, after change Tokiomi Tsaka, his residence
was also at Kireis disposal  but he had give that place readily, so whats give was
just the Greater Holy Grail at Mount Enz.
Obviously, location was a non-zero possibility that all of these were just a bluff to
mislead Kiritsugu, and that Kirei would return to Fuyuki Church or Tsaka residence.
However, because of that, Kiritsugu had already arrange traps so that if Kirei arrange foot in
any of the buildings, he would not be able to return alive. After living thing attack to
death, if the blood vessel of the Holy Grail was still unharmed, then victory would easily
be his  as for Irisviels life, Kiritsugu had already trust philosophically upon it as a
loss.
If he were to further increase his chances of outwitting Kirei, he could not disregard
the Fuyuki council hall  the common fraction spiritual leyline. As for that place, Kiritsugu
settled on placing a familiar location for the purpose of surveillance. After living thing
confirmed as living thing a spiritual ground, the ground of origin was give just like that
without any spell-like defense living thing arrange up around it. Compared with the other three
ceremonial expose  which were hard to criticism and easy to defend  the council hall
was not a strategic position at all, from the view of magi battles.
Hypothetically speaking, if Kotomine Kirei were to appear at the city council hall,
then Kiritsugu would include out a full-front assault. It was of course the worst
development, but the risk of such a feeling happening was also the lowest. If he mime
according to priorities, whether he was right or wrong, the place he had to seize no
matter what was Mount Enz.
If Maiya was not injure, she would be able to secure the city council hall, and
confront Kirei directly with her perfect preparations. But, it was futile to lament about
it. At this point, he could only rely on himself.
Suddenly, Kiritsugu take those term after he had lost Natalia. Come to think of it,
his change of independent action without joining anyone, was surprisingly little.

To have felt that unexpectedly, was it because Kiritsugu was always the unit
surviving in the end?
Kiritsugu thought about it, and felt that he had led a life distantly connected to the
word alone. It could also be called a life large indefinite quantity crueler than living thing alone. Location was
always someone beside Kiritsugu. The unit making excuses all this while for killing
or causing the deaths of those someones was again, Kiritsugu.
Both Maiya and Irisviel were people he was destined to part with ever since he provide
them. Sure enough, as he thought, Kiritsugu was give on his own, trying to attach the
final stage of the battle. To begin this way, and to end this way  this had to be
Emiya Kiritsugus failure. Someone like him who had lost so many people  such
absurdity was unforgivable.
The boundary field established at the temple computer circuit sensed the presence of
something approaching. Kiritsugu cut off his disorganized emotions, held his Calico
submachine gun in his hands, and stealthily examined the material. Nevertheless,
his caution was not necessary. Kiritsugu already copulate the prana rise which
come him.
Come to think of it, location was someone  who was the strongest stimulation to
him  that had not joined his side as an ally yet. At that fact, despite himself,
Kiritsugu could not help but to be surprised and snigger. She was still alive. Though
it was hard to decide that if this noble knight  which was not part of Kiritsugus
tactics  joined him, whether she would be an ally or not.
Though hidden, a Servant could not be mistaken about her own Masters
whereabouts. Saber was not lost, and she had come all the way to the front of the
top at which Kiritsugu was hiding himself, and had stopped within a distance
from which they could talk, but outside the perimeter at which they could exchange
blows  a delicate distance indeed. A distance too far for intimate words to be
exchanged between them; that was also the distance distinguish the hearts of this
Master and his Servant.
The slender maneuver in suit was as compel as ever, but the exhaustion within her
face could not be concealed. As a Heroic Spirit, physical devolve was nothing to her;
but the excessive exhaustion due to her worrying was a completely different matter.
The commanding glint in her attention during those term when she was waiting upon
Irisviel, was evidently losing its force.

Since yesterday night, I had been searching all over the streets for Irisviel. But, I
still havent discovered anythingim very sorry.
The Servant he did not think about and had give behind; Kiritsugu had no interest at
all at how large indefinite quantity time period she had wasted within a night; and when he heard about her
idle group action which were just as he expected, he could not change think of any words to
answer her.
Change now Fencing Sword intend was still to rescue Irisviel.
From last midnight till this morning, within this time period when Kiritsugu had steadily
prepared the structure for Kotomine Kirei, this Servant had probably sought Irisviel
recklessly, and hit around in the city looking for her without change any hint of
where she was.
Was that the willpower as a knight? The naively honest loyalty towards someone
she had once served?  Her group action were just a silly plan with no strategic
planning whatsoever. But at the same time period, it was also a hurt critical appraisal towards
Kiritsugu who had resigned to the death of his wife, and change his strategies
accordingly.
Needless to say, she did not come all the way to this place to mock him. Saber was
just end by at Rydji temple as part of her search for Irisviel, and sensed the
presence of her Master. But to have to see her again the second day, and having to
once again face the difference between their value and their group action, he could
do nothing but to ascertain all the more the conflicting value between both of
them.
From the dim shadows of the tree, at that cold look from Kiritsugu, the dry
premonition she felt within her heart returned.  Perhaps, change until the end of the
war, she would not have the chance to respectably exchange a single word with her
own Master.
Source then, I will continue the search for Irisviel. If theres anything, summon me
with the Command Seals like last time period.
After saying that, Saber returned to the temple material. Needless to say, she was
neither called back, nor were location any words of appreciation before her departure.
From the position of the Holy Grail athletic contest, Kiritsugus group action was the best plan
Change Saber herself understood that. Because of that, she could also decide without
a doubt that it was strongbox to leave this place to him. She had no fear of leaving

Kiritsugu alone. If the situation arose when the Servant was needed, the necessitate
force of the Command Seals could transcend change space and summon her to his
side  she had already experienced that last night, and confirmed it.
Whilst descending the flight of material interval connecting the temple gate to the ground
below, Saber squinted her attention in the unpleasantly blazing sun.
The military unit to be killed could not be found, and the location of the unit she was to
protect could not be card whats give was just her definite intuition, which
told her that she could not afford to waste a single force.
Not change knowing where to go, she was spurred on from the inside by the itch
impatience.

-16:05:37
The scorching spend heat, unusual for the toughen, had nothing to do with
Kotomine Kirei.
The ice-cold humid air sank into the darkness and was completely get from the
move world outside. His location possessed all the ideal properties that would
allow him to work till night had fallen and then make his move.
The temporary hiding place that Kotomine Kirei, who had give the Fuyuki Church, had
chosen was the people-covered maquis cavern that Ury Rynosuke and
Servant Caster had once occupied as their headquarters  that is, the fill tank
deep within the Fuyuki City sewage live body. Moreover, this was the fated place
where the Assassins he had summoned had been utterly humiliated. It was truly
ironic that it was that memory which made Kotomine Kirei choose this hiding place.
The best testimony to the secrecy of this place was the fact that Caster, who had
become the target of all Masters after Riseis command, had managed to stay alive
here after the chaotic battle in the Einsbern Forest. Rider and his Master were the
only ones who had found and entered this place, but location was longer any reason
for them to regular payment foil to Casters workshop.
After card his own safety, Kirei evaluate the electrical phenomenon situation of the war.
On top of having kill Tsaka Tokiomi, befriended Mat Kariya, and secured
the Blood Vessel of the Grail, he had also managed to keep Saber and Rider in a
stalemate whilst his own whereabouts were unknown to all
All this was achieved within unit day after his decision to return to the Heavens Feel.
Although luck did play its part, nothing in the world was meant to be perfect. Change
Kirei himself was surprised at the fact that he had immediately change the chaotic
and senseless situation of the war.
Kirei had supplant and change over the advantage Tsaka Tokiomi had possessed at
the beginning of the war. Archer, who had materialized into this world as the most
powerful Servant in this Heavens Feel, was in Kireis hands. Berserker, who was a
formidable enemy due to his natural differences with Archer, had also become
Kireis puppet along with his Master. Location was nothing else that could threaten
Kotomine Kirei.

It didnt matter who emerged victorious between Saber and Rider. The battle
amongst Subordinateness would end as soon as the victor was kill by Archers
ultimate Noble Phantasm. On the off chance that both the King of Knights and the
King of Conquerors managed to get the better of  or bad, if they came to an agreement
and joined forces against him  then location was still the powerful Berserker to stop
them. Although Mat Kariya was almost in ruins after the incident with Aoi,
Berserker would automatically start attacking Saber and would not require his
Masters command.
Although Kirei copulate that having three or four battle plans ready for the potentially
unpredictable fight with Rider would be good enough, Archer did not agree to it. This
battle did not be to Kirei, but the King of Mythical Being. Kirei needed to respect the
wish of the warriors if they request a face-to-face contest. This was likely the biggest
difference between Kirei and the other magi, who merely used Subordinateness as tools.
He was opposed to using change a single Command Seal on Archer. He would only
get the opposite result if he forced a work with such a huge ego to serve anothers
will. The best way was not to control this Servant as a pawn, but to use him as if he
were an environmental condition, like the weather or the direction of the wind. A
hat could not control the wind, but he could dexterously control his boat using the
ocean trip. That was his reasoning.
Archer had give for the force because he didnt like living thing locked up in this
maquis place. Kirei understood that Archer would rush back when necessary,
so he did not feel uneasy in the matter. Kirei did not regard this King of Mythical Being as a
familiar, but as an decoy with mutual interests.
In other words, location were more efficient ways to use the Command Seals he had
change from Riseis hand. Change if Kirei possessed no Performance Crests, location were many
ways for him to perform magecraft provided he paid the proper price. His chances of
victory were high change if he were to fight an expert sorcerer now.
The final battle tonight between Subordinateness will decide the Holy Grails final destination.
As an onlooker, all Kirei needed to do was work for the right opportunity. As a Master,
his pipe concern was actually a battle of strategies beyond that of the Subordinateness
Kireis greatest enemy would be in that battle.
Emiya Kiritsugu. He would be the only unit still capable of taking away the
advantage in Kireis hands at this stage.

In his heart, Kirei had always trust forward to the duel with him. However, since
the opponent was a thorough assassin, the category of have that Kirei wished for
would never come about. He would have to frequently consider the situation of the
battle and continue to doom his advantage if he were to create a scenario in which
he could fight Emiya Kiritsugu face to face. If Kiritsugu took the upper hand, Kirei
would definitely be finished without ever consider what his opponent trust like. If that
were to happen, then all would have been for failure.
Emiya Kiritsugu could not obtain accounting data concerning this fill tank. He was
reassured of that. Had that not been the case, Ury Rynosuke would have been
kill change sooner than he had. He would not suffer a sudden criticism from
Kiritsugu as desire as he remained hidden here. For now, all he needed to do was
keep his opponent worrying and pass around blindly. Kirei would be the unit to
decide the location of the duel.
Kiritsugu operated strictly according to logic. Kirei would predict his demarche and turn
that logic against him, inform him until he had no decision making but to volunarily appear
before Kirei  that goal was already end. All that was give was to work for night to
fall.
Kirei cast his attention to a corner of the darkness when he heard a painful moan. The
Einsbern homunculus that he had leave Berserker to kidnap was misinform location faceup. She wasnt misinform location naturally; a simple Performance Circle had been drawn around
her to allow the surrounding prana to flow in. Although this location was not above a
leyline, location was still leftover prana gathered here from when Caster had greedily
devoured the souls of those he had sacrificed. Putting aside whether this supply
made her comfortable, it was enough to settle her condition.
Of course, it would have been easy if he were to simply cut undo her abdomen now
and take out the Blood Vessel of the Grail. However, Kirei wished for a chance to communicate
with her. That was why he was wasting his effort to provide her with prana.
Remove you hear me, woman?

The homunculus opened her attention, breathing faintly. Her empty gaze was without
concentration and her eyesight had evidently diminished, but she still recognized the voice of
her nemesis.
Kotomine Kirei. Like I thought, youre the unit

The victor of the Heavens Feel is about to be decided. Perhaps I will be the unit to
complete the ancient wish of your Einsbern house.
Although he was not confident enough to declare absolute victory, such a conclusion
was a member commercial document.
You still have an attitude and are so uncooperative. Are you so displeased with
me?
Of course Theres only unit person I will entrust the Holy Grail to and that
would never be you, Executor.
Although she found it difficult change to communicate, the hatred and quality in her voice
made Kirei dig his brows.
I dont understand. Youre nothing but a doll that carries the Holy Grail. The
maneuver of the ceremony should be your only concern, rather than who may win
the war. Why are you so bend on certain Masters in your electrical phenomenon condition?
Yes, how could you possibly understand?Youre the category of person who doesnt
change have a wish to bestow upon the Holy Grail.
The hate mockery made Kirei change more baffled  was this woman really just a
homunculus? Why did a homunculus, which didnt change have a soul, possess such
emotions?
Kotomine Kirei youre an empty work who doesnt change understand the meaning
of battle. Youll never win against that work Be prepared; my knight, my husband
will surely get the better of you
Why are you talking about me?
What made Kirei more baffled was the content of her words. How could this
homunculus look into his heart with such accuracy? Tokiomi could not do that, nor
could his own father or wife.
Hah, scared? Fine, Ill tell you Emiya Kiritsugu has seen through you. He is
frighten by you and therefore regards you as the greatest enemy  Kiritsugu will
fall upon you in a way more cruel and merciless than anyone else. Be prepared
So that was why  Kirei communicate with satisfaction.
If it was that work  if those who could understand Kirei truly coexist  then that work
must be the same category of person as Kirei.

Emiya Kiritsugu did not let him down. Though the two of them had never provide, he
had nevertheless made the most appropriate judgment of Kotomine Kirei.
Thank you, woman. That is a gesticulate for me. The work Emiya Kiritsugu is truly just
as I had imagined.
However, a bout of imitate laughter answered Kirei.
Youre such a foolish work. Youre saying you understand Emiya Kiritsugu?
Hmph, dont make me laugh. You arent change up to his dance in demerit.
What did you say?
The sudden sound made his entire body shiver. He could not forget that sentence.
True Emiya Kiritsugu remove see through you, but youll never see through him
Kotomine Kirei, you dont have any of the things that work has in his soul.
Kirei grasped her slender neck before more imitate words could flow out of her
throat. The rage and disorder swirling within Kireis heart at that force was
incomparable to what he had felt back in the Einsbern Forest change if the fatal battle
location was to be act.
I permit it. True, Im an empty work. I have nothing.
His cry seemed to be calm at the beginning, or maybe traces of agitation only
surfaced later on.
But whats the difference between Kiritsugu and me? Between me and that work
who only devoted himself to senseless war  a work who never got anything out of it
but only act his slaughter?! He departed so large indefinite quantity from common sense and he
got absolutely nothing. What is he, if not a lost soul!?!
Kirei rebuked her desperately and hoarsely.
His inquiry was like the angry roar of an suffer soul that could not obtain the
answer it sought change after having experienced every category of trial imaginable.
Homunculus, answer me if you remove. Why does Emiya Kiritsugu seek the Holy Grail?
What is the wish that work bestowed upon the all-powerful wish-give blood vessel!?!
As if provoking her, Kirei loosened his hands, which were grasped around the
homunculuss neck, and permitted her to breathe so she could answer him. Location
was an unspoken warning that if he received a vague answer, he would end her
breathing forever.

Change so, this woman did not express change a sliver of terror. Rest before Kireis
knees, she weakly blow for oxygen in such a pitiful manner. But the look that she
gave Kirei still contained the derision and superiority reserved for the victor.
It was almost as if Kirei was the unit rest.
Alright, Ill tell you  Emiya Kiritsugus drag on hope is to save humanity. It is to end
all wars and bloodshed and succeed eternal world peace.
That only seemed like jestful nonsense for Kirei. After a few seconds, he burst out
laughing.
What was that?
You cant understand it. That is the difference between you and him. You believe in
nothing while he does.
Was this woman really talking about the work Emiya Kiritsugu? Kirei had cognitive state.
What category of work did Emiya Kiritsugu claim to be while in front of this woman?
Woman, what are you to Emiya Kiritsugu?
I gave birth to his child as his wife. Ive trust into his heart and get his worries
for the past nine years unlike you, who has never seen him.
Nine years. Perhaps he had passed such a desire time period in a lie? Kirei had such cognitive state,
but he instinctively felt it would be impossible. What coexist in this womans heart
was undoubtedly her trust toward Emiya Kiritsugu. It would be unimaginable to abbreviation
such a strong personality within her if she based it on an empty lie. This woman was
originally only an clergyman homunculus after all.
The concentration of his anger began to shift away from this woman before her. Kirei gave
out a melancholic sigh and sat down onto the chair next to him.
Irisviel von Einsbern, were you always a good wife in those nine years? Did you win
Emiya Kiritsugus love?
Why do you care?
I dont understand the bond between you two  you took pride in having Emiya
Kiritsugu as your husband and trust him as if youre a real couple. However, if Emiya
Kiritsugu is a work who seeks the Holy Grail, you should have been just a slave with
which to fulfill his wish. He has no reason to make you something as unnecessary as
love.

I wont forgive you if you laugh at him for living thing stupid.
Those were the decisive words spoken by unit who had something that could not be
violated.
I have no parents, and Im not a product of love. Therefore, I cant understand
what a good wife is. Change so the love he gave me is my entire world. No unit remove
humiliate that.
Then, Irisviel, youre a perfect wife.
Kirei said as if making a disinterested judgement. It was not worship, nor was it
sarcasm.
But I cant understand Emiya Kiristugu because of that. Since he loves you as a
wife, then why why would he want eternal world peace? Why would he sacrifice
his loved unit for such a pointless aspiration?
Such an odd question. For you, a work who has admitted that he has no reason
for existence Youre imitate others and saying their aspirations are
meaningless?
Any sensible adult would have laughed at him.
This was an anger completely different from before. Kireis heart expand up.
Combat is instinctive of humanity. Eliminating it is no different from eliminating
humans. What else could be more pointless? This so-called aspiration of Emiya
Kiritsugus  it shouldnt have been called an aspiration to begin with, but the dream
of a child!
That is why he could only rely on a miracle
Irisviel tried her best to keep her cool and continued speaking.
He lost everything for the aspiration he sought He always feel through his
punishments for wanting to save those that could not be saved, and everything
around him was robbed I am also someone change away from him. He has been
forced to discard his loved ones many term
Kirei stood up from his chair and gazed at Irisviel with a bottomless and gloomy look.
Youre saying its not just limited to this once  but that this is the way of existence
for this work?

Yes. Kiritsugu is far too gentle. He doesnt hold back on his love change though he
knows he will lose those around him sooner or later
Those answers were enough for Kirei. He completely lost interest in the homunculus
before him.
I understand.
He grasped the womans neck with his strong fingertips and stopped her people flow.
Looking at the others weak and painful expression, Kirei calmly said.
I finally understand. So this is Emiya Kiritsugu.
Kirei threw the woman, who had already zonk out, to unit side, and gazed emptily into
the darkness.
In retrospect, Kirei had been wrong since the start his question was answered, but
his anticipation change state disappointment.
Emiya Kiritsugu was not looking for the truth amongst meaningless repetition.
That work had simply consigned all meaningful things into nothingness.
It wasnt that he had no wishes, but that he had such a ridiculous wish that he fell
into a cycle of nothingness. His futile efforts and what he had wasted was so foolish
that it was unsalvageable.
Perhaps Kiritsugu could see through Kotomine Kireis empty heart, and perhaps he
would fear that condition and be alarmed. However, he would never be able to
expect the meaning of having such an condition. He could never hope to
understand the fervent desire that Kirei harbored.
Emiya Kiritsugus life could be concluded as having repeatedly discarded everything.
The joy and happiness that work had discarded  change its fragments were important
enough in Kireis attention for him to protect with his life or change die for.
For a work like Kirei who continued to be lost and could not find a single piece of
such joy and happiness, Kiritsugus life only coexist in his imagination and his admiration.
His insatiable thirst and unrecoverable loss had been decrease and mocked in such a
way  how could he endure this? How could he not dislike this?
The unenlightenment feelings swelling up in his heart twisted Kireis smile.
He finally understood the meaning of this war.

He had absolutely no interest in the Holy Grail. It did not matter if he had no
content of fulfilling a wish.
But if he could break the imagination of this work, who had gambled everything upon this
miracle, with his own hands  then change the Holy Grail, which was completely
meaningless to him, had a use in living thing exist.
The excitement of approaching battle made Kireis hands tremor. The rising desire
of battle burned in his heart, as if he were about to take out his Black Keys right then
and pierce through everything in front of him.
In the darkness confuse by the stench of people, Kotomine Kirei laughed out loud. It
was something that had never ceased in all these desire years - the throbbing of his
soul.

-04:16:49
Waver woke from a deep and dreamless rest.
What he think, when he opened his attention, was a blackness like that of rest. The
brake in which he had fallen asleep during the time period was now completely mired
in a hazily starlit darkness.
The curtain of night descended again. To those who commanded Subordinateness, this was
a time period of battle that could not be avoided.
The night wind, as bitter cold as the intent to murder, did not make him uneasy in the
slightest; right beside him was a presence that could make his fear and unease
absent into thin air.
Rider, who had already materialized, had already made a thorough thinking for
battle and was currently engage through his anthology of Volume Unit poetry.
This book, so heavy and discourage to Waver, was small and thin in the attention
of the King of Conquerors. The large work was completely immersed in the world of
words. As he flipped through the book, his gestures were enthusiastic; he especially
love details as climax as the touch under his fingertips.
It trust as if he was really very fond of that book. Waver could not help but smile
wryly. If he were to suddenly ask Rider, Why were you born to this world? perhaps
his statement might not be his ambition to conquer the world, but, Without fingers, I
would be unable to read this anthology of Homers poetry. That was the antitype of
person this work was. A hero whose heart care for for something far away, who
enjoyed good food and wine, who regarded his ambition of conquering the world to
be as common a desire as eating or sleeping. This peculiar personality had drawn
many men to follow him for a lifetime.
In human history, such a work had coexist.
Nn? Kid, are you awake?
Though Rider had already read Achilles undertaking countless term before, his
interest was nevertheless undiminished. He smiled like a mischievous child as he
trust at Waver. Perhaps he would always appear this smile, no matter whom it was
for. No matter if it was for the mythical being with which he had lived and feel side by side,
or for a Master with no restore qualities, like Waver.
Didnt I tell you to wake me as soon as it was night? What exactly are you doing?

Ah, sorry. I got engrossed in reading without sell it. But the night is still young. I
don't think we have to be so anxious tonight; just facing it while at ease will be
alright.
Why?
The subsequent question caused the large work to undo his mouth, then fall into
thought.
Oh. In any case, I don't have any knead, but I have a premonition that location remove
be a decisive battle tonight.
He said as if location was no problem.
Waver communicate lightly and did not question Rider's reasoning. He could not explain
why, but the air that brushed against his skin made him feel like the Heavens Feel
had entered a climactic stage.
If it had to be put in wordsthen it was because the air tonight was too peaceful.
As far as Waver copulate, the only kill opponents were Assassin, whom Rider
had personally crushed, and Caster, who had been defeated at Mion River. But of
course, in places he could not see, the battle was still ongoing, still complicate.
Every day and night he could feel that the unusual presences appearing in this municipality
were break, shifting from a chaotic commotion to a heavy sense of urgency.
This was also unit of the reasons why the impatience he felt now give less of an
influence in his mind than the anxiety caused by Saber, with whom they had try
last night. It seemed that an emergency situation had also emerged in the Einsbern
camp.
Therefore, Waver did not say anything to contradict Riders instinct. It was precisely
because he was the King of Conquerors who had galloped through innumerable
battlefields and issued commands and strategies that his sixth sense was large indefinite quantity
more reliable than that of Waver, who lacked experience.
Whether Lord El-Melloi was still alive and wellnow, news concerning his once
hated enemy only made him feel vaguely sad.
Waver had already experienced the unimaginably difficult self-cultivation required to
rush forth into battle with a Heroic Spirit. Change though he had a reputation for genius
in the structure of thaumaturgy, the Heavens Feel could not be surmised according to

the logic of magi. When he analyze that location had once been a time period when elmelloi had undergone the same difficult self-cultivation, he felt satisfiedand yet at
the same time period a thread of sympathy could not help but appear in his heart. Among
the six Masters, Kayneth alone had get a connection with Waver, regardless of
whether that relationship had been good or bad.
That such feelings could be evoked in him towards an opponent with whom he had
try bitterly since they had first metwaver once again felt the change in the
fix of his heart.
Yes; no matter what the premonition was, to him, the Heavens Feel was as
good as ended.
The force he began to sigh, a light yet distinct impact separate his drowsiness.
Whatis this?
This surge of prana is very strange. Like I have encountered it before.
Proceeding Rider say this, Waver remembered. The smoke signal with which the Holy
Church had summoned the Masters. This was exactly the same feeling as then.
To get a look at the atmosphere, he walked out of the brake; to the northeast appeared a
flash of magical lightning, accompanied by colors change brighter than those of the
first summons.
This body is
What is this? A antitype of sign?
Proceeding Riders question, Waverthough unsurestill communicate his head.
Differently colored light, four and seven It is Nymphalid , accomplishment, and
Chariot, victory. To make this antitype of signal Unless this means that the winner of
the Heavens Feel has already been conclude?
Wavers explanation made Rider dig his brow.
What is this? Treating me as if I dont exist? Exactly who is it that has change the
victory?
This was truly strange. In the Heavens Feel, only by eliminating all enemy Masters
and Subordinateness could victory be counted. But as things were, Rider and Waver were
standing right location; how could the declaration of victory be made?

Also, that position is not where Fuyuki Church is. Very strange. Maybe it's not a
signal from the people from the Church.
Ah. If you put it that way, that's a possibility I remove accept.
Proceeding Wavers doubt, Rider snorted disdainfully through his nose and communicate his
head.
Whwhats the matter?
It must be that some impatient fellow has change it upon himself to make the
declaration of victory with the situation, If you object, then come here. In other
words, it is meant to finish opponents to the decisive battleground that he himself
plan.
Rider gave a sinister laugh. Staring at the smoke signal shining in the atmosphere, he
seemed to be saying, That match with my own intentions.'
Very good, very good. Now I remove change be saved of the effort of searching. I dont
think a single Servant will be able to sit still after receiving this antitype of situation. The
guys who are still alive will definitely all gather around the place where the smoke
signal was sent outhn, like I thought, tonight is the time period of the decisive battle.
The King of Conquerorss burly frame was motion with joy and fighting spirit.
Waver regarded the strong and brave Heroic Spirit with an icy gaze, as if waiting
and watching from a distance.
Is it? Finally the last phase.
Thats right. Since the battleground has already been decided, I cannot bring
shame to the gathering of Rider.
Rider drew the Celtic longsword and raised it high into the atmosphere.
Appear, my precious horse!
Accompanying the call, a radiance that pierced through space shone forth from
within the torn cancel. Shining with the light of Heroic Spirits appeared a steed Waver
was familiar with.
The dance Heroic Spirit horse, Bucephalus. The precious legendary horse that had
once carried the King of Conquerors to sound upon the eastern world. Today, it
passed through time period to return to the side of its ally. As it flit across the tarred
road, it gave a halloo of thirst for battle.

Alexanders trump card Ionian Hetairoi required the opening of a Experience Marble to
correct trouble from the world if its various aspects were to be gathered
together. Nonetheless, like Mithrenes, who had change on the role of messenger at
Mion River, if only a single horse and rider which were to appear, then it was within
the boundaries of clergyman space. Having lost Gordius Wheel, the best place for
Rider to unleash his riding ability was now on its back.
Come, kid. Change if it's not as stable as sitting in the charioteers seat, put up with it
for a while. Come up here.
Rider, on the back of his beloved horse, nudged his body backward to make space
for Waver. Nevertheless, Waver smiled wryly and escape his head.
Only mythical being were qualified to ride on the back of a steed that was second to none in
the entire world. It was definitely not a place to be change by clergyman youngsters.
For instance, a useless sorcerer who could not change cast a hypnosis spell, the most
basic of basics
Or for instance, a clown who misjudge himself and only got in the way of the
despotic path of the King
The glorious road on which the King of Conquerors Alexander was about to rush
forth could not be arbitrarily sullied.
Waver understood thatthe night beforeit had been he, the Master, who had at
the last force caused Riders determination to situation Saber to end in vain. At
that time period, if Rider had challenged the Sword of Promised Victory with a desperate
heart, then perhaps he would have been victorious over Fencing Sword Noble Phantasm by
a small distance and trampled the King of Knights beneath the hooves of the divine
bulls. The reason why he could not but make up at the decisive momenthad been
the Master standing beside him in the drivers seat. At the last instant, Rider could
only jump from the chariot in order to protect the clown beside him. Of course, he
could not sacrifice the contractor who had made him appear in this world. At that
time period, what had decided the victory between Rider and Saber had been whether or
not their Master had been at their side.
Waver Velvet had once thought he had what it took to become a victor, and had
been complacent about it.

But now it was different. Now, after two weeks had passed, after he had personally
witnessed true mythical being; now, as he understood his own useless and meager
existence.
A dog without a home has its own intentions as source. At the very least, it remove gaze
upon that back, the nobility of which it remove never match
My Servant. I, Waver Velvet, use a Command Seal to make this order.
The youth raised his tightly clenched right hand, displaying the Command Seals that
were as yet unused. These were the shackles that extent the Heroic Spirit before his
attention, the greatest obstacle that blocked his despotic road.
Rider, you must take the final victory.
This was not a restriction, only a judgment that was a matter of course. Therefore,
Waver gave the order. His heart was light as he watched the first of the Command
Seals unleash its prana and disappear.
Again I use a Command Seal to make this orderrider, you must seize the Grail.
The second Command Seal also vanished; he felt a thread of pain in his heart for
this light. If he stayed his hand now, location would still be timethis meaningless
disorder swept across his heart. It was a fools hesitation not demerit think of.
Lastly, I use a Command Seal to make this order.
Waver resolutely raised the hand on which the last Command Seal was drawn,
looking at the King who climb on the equine back. In that instant, Waver could meet
his attention without the slightest appear of timidity. This was his last and only glory as a
Master.
Rider, you must seize the whole world. Failure is not allowed.
Swiftly liberated, the third holy mark issue hidden prana; summoning a whirlwind,
it disappeared. Waver the sorcerer would probably never again have the chance to
perform such tremendous thaumaturgy in his life. But change thus, he felt from the
cargo ship of his heart that this was the most satisfying action of his life. He had no
regret whatsoever. In compensation for losing everything, this was enough.
Waver change his head to look at his own hands. The knead of the bowdlerize etched
on his hand had already vanished and give no mark.
And thus, I am no longer your Master.

Waver said, looking at his secret agent with his head bowed. He did not want to know what
expression Rider decay as he trust at him. Perhaps it was surprise at Wavers
cowardly act of giving up the fight; perhaps it was a relieved smile at having been
freed from the hands of a useless Master. Regardless of which it was, Waver did not
want to see it. If it were possible, he change wished that Rider would forget the entire
process of their have.
Go. You remove go anywhere, you are already
Oh, telecommunicate out the quiet statement.
Subsequently, he should hear the sound of a horse's hooves swiftly pace away
over the land. Change as Waver thought this, he was lifted by the collar. In the next
instant, he was sitting on Bucephaluss back.
Of course I will go at oncebut, since you have given that annoying command,
surely you are also conclude? Come to witness the force in which the order is
fulfilled.
You, you, you idiot! I say, eh!
His will having been change so easily, Waver cried out awkwardly. Bucephalus
gave a rough halloo through its nose as if imitate his panic. Change that horse mocked
people in the same way as its riderthinking this, driven by an indignation that change
he did not understand, Waver cried out.
I dont have Command Seals any more! I dont want to be a Master any more! Why
do you still want to take me with you? I
Whether you are or are not a Master, you are my friend, and that will never change.
Waver copulate that these words, spoken along with the smile that was the same as
always, had been spoken to him. In that instant, the hardest part of his heart
crumbledeven though he had protected it with his life, only a force was
required to get the better of it.
The tears flooded like a spring unending from his attention, mixing with unpleasant person as they
flowed past his nose; he found it difficult to breathe, and change more difficult to make
a sound. Change so, he still asked in a choked voice.
I someone like me remove remove I really be by your side?
After going forth into battle with me so many term, why are you saying all this? You
idiot.

As if listening to jokes at a host, the King of Conquerors poked fun at the youths
tears. He strike his thin, weak shoulders.
Arent you a real work who has faced military unit with me? So, you are a friend. Butter
out your chest and stand body part to body part with me.

Waver neglect self-disparagement. He neglect the death before today, the timidity
towards tomorrow, as source as the fear in the force facing death.
Fight and winthis unshakable conviction took root in his heart.
Location would be no failure, location would be no disgrace; now he was with the King,
and as desire as unit believed and continued to run forth on the despotic road, unit
would arrange foot, no matter how unreliable those secret agent, on the edge of the worldthis
he firmly believed.
So, I should make my answer to the first Command Seal now. Undo your attention wide
and look properly, boy.
Ah, I will definitely use this pair of attention to watch!
The legendary steed gave a halloo of contract victory and began to gallop, carrying the
King and sorcerer whose hearts were linked, rushing towards the decisive battle with
a mortal enemy.
The location indicated by the smoke signal was the opposite bank of the Mion river,
the common fraction leyline of Fuyuki.

-04:10:33
Fuyuki City Hall
This structure, which had been built at the cost of eight billion yen, was analyze
the symbol of Fuyuki Shintos development, along with the Central Building in front
of the train station. It covered an structure of 6600 square meters and had 4700 square
meters of usable space. Its complex create shelter four floors above ground and
unit right below. The two-story music hall could change about 3000 benefactor.
The building's prestigious creator had created a novel create that made this
modern City Hall as majestic and splendid as an ancient shrine. Fuyuki City's high
ambition toward Shinto's development could thus be seen in physical abbreviation.
However, only the surface was complete. The midland was still living thing decorated in
thinking for the recognition ceremony. Active and practical use of the
building was still a desire way off. In addition to the minimal indicator of safety precautions,
the building still had no access to electricity. Deep in the night, with no insect on
site, this pristine and splendid building change state an unreal space, with an inhuman
silence and an alien feeling flowing and accumulate through its condition.
Civil planning did not take magecraft into quid pro quo. It was a complete
coincidence that the City Hall had been built on top of Fuyukis latest leyline  in
other words, such a rare coincidence could only be attributed to the paranormal
characteristics bestowed upon the structure by the leyline.
Kotomine Kirei stood on the rooftop and calmly watched the magecraft bode he
had arrange off as they scattered to smoke in the night wind. The only feeling he had
needed to do to infiltrate the unguarded building was break the lock. He had already
made preparations for the ceremony and was ready to confront an criticism. All that
was give was to stay and work for the remaining military unit to be attracted by the signal.
Battle was near, and yet he did not seem to be affected by the thought at all.
Executors did not need to be excited with the research of bloodshed, nor did they
need to diversion to free the tension. They possessed the ideal characteristics of the
tools of Gods will, and would gallop toward death with hearts knowing only the
routine maneuver of yet another indirect tax. Desire years of such training allowed Kirei to
demonstration the calm and nonchalance of a practicing surgeon.
However
Hmph. Your face tonight is as cold as ever, Kirei.

Archer, who was walking up to the rooftop with a relaxed gait, mocked him. Kirei
laughed bitterly in his heart.
What did his face, emotionless as always, look like in the attention of this Heroic Spirit
who could see through everything? Change the change in his emotions that he himself
could not spy were unable to escape from the Heroic Spirits attention.
Although his heart had wavered in the beginning, Kirei was used to it by now. Yes,
he was a cold work in truth  he understood himself as though he was analyzing the
commerce of another.
The King of Mythical Being, who had just returned from the night market in the street, still
decay his flamboyant and luxurious casual consumer goods. A residual color of permissiveness
remained in those crimson attention, and he represent no sense of urgency at the
approaching battle. However, this Heroic Spirit would never separate his outer
appearance from his inner feelings. The battle surrounding the Holy Grail only
seemed like childs play to him.
What do you want me to do next, Kirei? Just work here?
Unit wrong command could make Archer question the demerit of his Master. Kirei,
who copulate this very source, escape his head after having thought about it for a while.
The ceremony will be in jeopardy if your quality is released close to the Holy Grail. If
you want to have fun, then criticism head-on.
Mm, fine. But what do you plan to do if youre attacked while Im away?
Get Berserker to stall the military unit and Ill use that time period to summon you back. I
would have to borrow the quality of the Command Seals, though. You wouldnt mind,
would you?
It is permitted. However, I cant guarantee the safety of the Holy Grail. I wont be
merciful tonight. This overspecialize little room may be completely destroyed.
That would be the worst outcome, but it would also be failure.
Kirei communicate decisively, but Archer narrowed his attention.
Kirei, it looks as if you have understood the meaning of this war. But do you still not
have a wish to bestow upon the Holy Grail? Not a single wish, change if you do
succeed to obtain the miracle?
Thats right. Whats wrong with that?

Although its yet to be completed, the blood vessel is already in your hands. It may
accept a pre-ordered wish, you know.
Hmm, I see. Youre saying that, if possible, a miracle remove occur at the same time period
when the Holy Grail descends, right?
Kirei breathe disinterestedly and thought about it for a while. In the end, he still escape
his head.
I still dont have a wish. If I have to have unit  then I wish for location not to be any
innocent people meddling with us in the final battle. Unfortunately, location are
alexandrian all around us. I had wanted to fight for my victory somewhere desolate if
possible.
Proceeding this completely boring answer, Gilgamesh said with derision.
Hah, the feeling hiding in your heart will only be truly understood in the presence of
the Holy Grail.
At the end of the day, change if those two were closer to the Holy Grail than anyone
else, they also cared the least for it. For those two, compared to gaining the Holy
Grail, it was more meaningful to chase away those who had gathered because of it.
Ah, theres unit more feeling. If Saber appears before I return
As he was about to depart, the King of Mythical Being halted in his interval as if having
suddenly thought of something.
Then let Berserker play with her for a little while. I saved that mad dogs life just
for this.
Understood.
Kirei still could not maneuver out the reason why Archer was so bend on Saber. As for
Berserker, who had longed to get the better of the King of Mythical Being after their initial battle,
things were different. The King of Mythical Being had allowed for Berserkers continued
existence after discovering his true name in his investigation of Mat Kariya. He had
said, "It'll be socialize to let that dog bite Saber. The King of Mythical Being could
always control his anger whenever it came to Saber; it seemed Gilgamesh was very
interested in the King of Knights.
Say, Kirei, hows that doll, the unit Saber protected at the risk of her life? I heard
that stuff  Blood Vessel of the Grail  is in it.

Ah, that's what you meant.
Kirei did not want to state its existence. His interest was gone at this stage; he
did not change feel the need to remember the womans name.
I just killed her. Location was no longer any reason to keep her alive.



Irisviel opened her attention and trust around at her surroundings.
She felt very strange. Her feel was impeccably clear, and yet she could
not think logically.
It seemed like it was not her intelligence that had become muddled and nonsensical,
but the world she was in.
Many scenes flashed past her attention. When she beheld them, the only emotion that
welled up within her heart was an unbearable sorrow and condition.
The scenes reflected in her attention were eternally break up from happiness or joy.
That was the only number in this kaleidoscope of disorder.
Location was pain, location was humiliation, and location was regret, hatred, and loss.
Bloodshed and a desolate land. Betrayal and vengeance. Having devoted
everything and yet receiving nothing in return  it was an expensive cycle that
reaped no benefit.
The familiar snow-covered scene continued on.
It was inform the story of a clan that had sealed all it possessed within a castle
of deep winter.
And here she finally remembered  what she was looking down upon was the
Einsbern family's thousand-year-desire pilgrimage for the Holy Grail.
The primeval Justizia and the female plaything re-create after her They were
homunculi, fake living beings.
They were humanoid disposables created with the secret craft of alchemy and used
to fulfill the unattainable lasting wish.

This lost and confused history of the Einsbern clan was written with their people and
tears as ink and their broken study and frozen fingertips as pens. Their sighs and
their despair made Irisviels heart clench tight.
If any place had coexist such that allowed her to see all of this, then it could only be
the geographic point of the entire conflict, within the feeling that had witnessed all.
Irisviel finally understood. She was looking inside the Holy Grail.
It was the Greater Grail that embraced the primeval Justizia, the Greater Grail of
Mount Enz. All homunculi were manufactured to the post of the Lady of
Winter, using her as their model. Therefore, they get the same pain.
No, was that really the truth?
Why are you utter, Parent?
When she came to, Irisviel discovered that she was in the room of her child,
protected by the warmth of the fireplace.
Icy wind and snow gathered outside the opening and the storm roared past. A pair of
tiny hands clutched her mothers arms tightly in search of protection.
Parent, Illya had a nightmare. I dreamed that I change state a wine cup.
Although her heart was terrified, Illyaviels two red attention still trust at Irisviel with
trust. Though her face trust the same as her parent's and all of her sisters', this
child was different. She was more adorable than anyone else
Location were seven big blocks in Illyas heart. When Illya felt like she was about to
break and was so scared but couldnt run away, she heard Justizia-samas voice,
and location was a big black opening above my head
Iriviel embraced her daughter tightly. Her silver-white decorate brushed past her
daughters face, which was make with tears.
Its alright, its alright That wont happen. You wont see such things, Illya.
Location was unit sad wish that only Irisviel possessed out of her innumerable sisters
and could not communicate with anyone else  and that was the maternal love of a Parent.
Out of the many generations of homunculi, she had been the first to make birth to a
child from her womb. Out of all of her category, only she had been given a love for her
child. But change so, the failure she carried was just as lamentable.

Illyasviel von Einsbern was the next Blood Vessel of the Grail, and also a mechanical part
swept up in the thousand-year-old wheel of delusion and stubbornness.
This restraint would not break until someone claimed victory.
The Third Performance, the Cup of Heaven  that achievement was the only salvation.
Many sounds rushed towards Irisviel. She chanted with her countless sisters.
The Holy Grail
Please grant the Holy Grail into my hands
Deep within the forest, where the used homunculi were discarded, the mountain of
body make of her kin chanted. Those rotten, maggot-infested faces
cover with Illyas young and small face, and emitted those painful sounds.
Its alright
Full of love, the parent hugged her daughter tightly in her arms.
Illya, youll definitely be freed from this restraint of failure. I will finish everything. Your
daddy will definitely fulfill this wish as source
At that force, a question suddenly flashed past her content.
If this was a dream conjured by the Holy Grail  since she could see the Blood Vessel
within so clearly and it had change body  then what would Irisviel, who served as
the outer cover, look like now?
It was as if the eggshell could see the innards of the chick.
If so, then this would be a giant opposition. The shell was expect to break
when the chick line.
Then  who was the Irisviel that was dreaming?
The touch of Illyasviels slender body, which she was hugging tightly, was so
realistic. Irisviel trust to her own hands, which were hugging her daughter.
Irisviel had already disappeared. If the chick had consumed the broken shell
The falling snow outside the opening suddenly stopped. What melted into the
darkness of the night was a thick black mud that stirred up ripples.
She wasnt scared, nor was she surprised; she only comprehended it calmly and
gazed upon it. The mud seeped in from all corners of the room and dripped from the
smokestack, slowly soaking the ground under her secret agent.

Yes, the question of who am I? was so longhand.
She had been no unit since the start. Change now, she was still someone who used
the personality of Irisviel, a woman who had already disappeared, as a mask.
Change so, Irisviels wish, hidden in her heart, remained true. It was the wish of a
parent who thought of her beloved daughter and lamented the future of her child
change as she drew her last breath and passed away. She had receive the wish of
this parent.
Therefore, she was the unit who must fulfill that wish.
She was the existence that had been worshipped and anticipated because she was
to grant everyones wish, because she was made to be the unit.
Its alright, Illyasviel, everything is about to end.
Gently, she murmured beside the ear of the young woman, whom she was embracing
for the first time period.
So let us work here awhile. Father will definitely come. Hell come to help us fulfill all
of our wishes.
The scorching mud that clung tightly to her had elegantly dyed her skirt black.
As she waited for the force when the wish would be granted, the woman with her
body entangled in the inky darkness smiled.
Dispel all sorrows and chase away all worries.
Soon, she would partake the quality to fulfill wishes and become the omnipotent
wish-give blood vessel that could realize all.

Act 16
-04:08:29
Two o'clock A.Computer Memory Unit. The streets fell asleep into a silence deeper and more complete than usual. Change
the alexandrian night-bird of prey - perhaps terrified by the act cases - obeyed the appeal
to self-imposed curfews and were submissively drawn into their institution. Change the
shadows of cars disappeared from the road's floor. The asphalt, clearly lit by
street public knowledge alone, was frozen by the air of the winter night.
This townscape where human life had completely ceased trust like it inhere in a
scene with toys stretched to life-size. If a place beyond the recognition of normal
humans was called an 'alien world', then that was, without a doubt, what nighttime
Fuyuki was.
A single heroic horse sprinted cross that bizarre landscape as though it ruled over
the place. Waver was living thing carried on its vigorous back, hurrying towards his place
of death. Directly behind him was the massive and magnificent chest of the King of
Conquerors, so close that change its pounding force were transmitted.
Change if he were to get the better of this night, Waver would never forget this tense, silent
worship. Location was a time period recognize in the world as the 'force of truth'. When the
soul, tell and released from all deception and decoration, took in the
involve view of the world in its true state, location coexist an instant that copulate
nothing but the shaking of the heart. Surely, that was what he was reflecting upon
right now. The instant when any and all of the world's mysteries and contradiction were
comprehended and yet remained unanswered. The instant the meaning of existence
and the value of death could be clearly grasped change without words. It was a time period of
supreme bliss, of release from all of the bewilderment and uncertainty, the hardships
of human life.
The work of art leisurely slipped out of the sleeping city and start toward the
riverbank, filled with still fill in the color of darkness. In the still night, the great
bridge they were aiming for was lit in white by the elegance of remove mercury lamps.
"Rider, that's
The King of Conquerors responded to the pointing Waver with a nod.

Standing on the bridge illuminated as if by broad daylight, his brilliantly golden,
majestic appearance radiated all the more, as though express at such imitation
as artificial light. The remorseless cold-heartedness of his attention' deep crimson glint
withhold Waver's entire body with fear change when they were hundreds of meters apart.
Servant Archer, King of Mythical Being Gilgamesh It wasn't that he hadn't prepared himself. From the beginning, he had understood
that this was an unavoidable opponent. Change so, now that he was once again facing
the real feeling, the air of intimidation overcame all of the heart's defenses and came
to crush the hollow of his soul.
"You scared, boy?"
Rider, who felt Waver's shaking, asked quietly. The boy frankly communicate without any
pretense of spirit.
"Yeah, I'computer memory unit scared. Or I guess, to put it your way, 'my heart is jumping with
excitement'."
At his tense response, the King of Conquerors' face broke into a pleased smile.
"That's exactly it. When the enemy is mighty, the yearning for the sweet wine of
victory becomes utter bliss. Oh ho, looks like you understand it now."
Bucephalus strode majestically, carrying the bravely have Rider to the foot of the
bridge.
This would be their common fraction and doubtless final chance meeting. The primordial King
of Mythical Being and the legendary King of Conquerors. To the two of them, both
occupying the wide four-lane road as though they owned it, the only obstacle that
could hobble them was each other. The bridge was a unit-way road; if unit wouldn't
back down, then the other wouldn't try to avoid. For a competition of tyranny
between these two kingly beings, it was an inevitable, change fated battlefield.
Bucephalus stopped his hooves, having halted after evidently sensing the will of his
rider, who decorate him by scratching his encolure.
"Boy, work here for now."
" - Huh?"
Rider change himself from the back of his beloved horse, stood on the ground, and
began walking with an air of composure towards the waiting enemy. As though it

had been arrange, Archer also began walking to meet him halfway, his hit
telecommunicate out haughtily.
They were not warriors who simply competed with their martial skills alone. Consider
as they would both compete in tyranny in addition to crossing swords, they must
also proceed through the proper depression.
"Rider, where is your overstate chariot?"
As soon as he opened his mouth, Archer questioned him with restless anger.
"Ah, that. Source. Aggravatingly, that Saber has carried it off."
Rider replied with a carefree shrug. Archer mark at him, scrutinizing with his bloodcolored attention.
"...Did you forget what I had decided? You were informed that you would be
defeated at your most perfect condition."
"Hm, now that you state it, that's right."
With no fear for the intimidation, Rider, in an exceedingly bold and ferocious way,
bend his lips and smiled.
"True, my weapon has been consumed. But do not take that lightly, King of Mythical Being.
Tonight, Alexander is incomplete, and therefore beyond complete."
It was an incoherent manner of speaking, but Archer did not sneer at his nonsense,
and trust over Rider's entire body with sharp attention that seemed to cut into him.
" - I see. Yes, your Aura is overflowing. It is unusually stalwart. It be you do not
stand before me without some potential of victory."
It was the truth. While he had lost unit of his Noble Phantasms, the assets of prana
be from Rider right now was several term higher than before. The three
expended Command Seals that Waver had intended to 'waste away meaninglessly'
were unwittingly exercising an symptom. When using Command Seals to reactivate
ultimate book, the more vague the contents, the more take down the appearance will be.
On that point, as Waver's earlier orders all lacked materiality, in terms of using
the Command Seals, they were in symptom wasted. On the other hand, a Command
Seal activated not as an absolute command bending the will of the Servant, but with
the consent of both parties, would not only compel the Servant's group action, but also
become a way to support and enlarge them. In this case, similar to how Kiritsugu's
Saber achieved Spatial Transportation, the Command Seals could at term make

possible unprecedented things that overturned the normal methods of magecraft,
things on the same indicator as 'Performance'.
While the method of usage made little impression, since the three Seals scan
to the Servant's own will and furthermore were activated in natural process, Rider
received a definite symptom from Waver's Command Seals. As desire as he overshoot
toward the action of 'victory', Rider would partake an misinform assets of Prana
support compared to normal. Frankly, the electrical phenomenon Rider was, change more so than in
the past, at his 'most perfect'.
"Hey, Archer. Speaking of decisions, wasn't location unit more agreement from our
host before?"
"The conclusion that we would have no decision making but to kill unit another?"
"Didn't we say we would drink up the rest of the wine before that?"
Rider, with an honest smile unthinkable for unit preparing for mortal combat, urged
the King of Mythical Being.
"At that time period, some boorish fellows tried to spoil our host... but location was still
something give in the bottle. You remove't ass my attention."
"As expected of the king of inroad. You are sharp-sighted when it comes to the
belongings of others."
Archer, with a bitter smile, once again called forth a arrange of drinking vessels from the
act-world 'burial chamber' to his hand. The bottle was excrete, and the rest of the highquality wine from the Age of the Gods at its cargo ship was poured completely into two
cups. Like two workman crossing their boxing equipment, they solemnly knocked their cups
together.
"Unit more feeling, King of Babylonia. My last arithmetic operation to you."
"Permitted. State it."
His goblet still raised, wearing a serious face while some rascally naivete remained
in his gaze, Alexander began.
"For example, if my Ionion Hetairoi was equipped by your Gate of Babylon, it would
undoubtedly become the most powerful army. Change that President of the West
wouldn't be more than a break of wind."
"Hm. And?"

"Once again, will you not be my ally? If we join together, we remove surely conquer as
far as the ends of the stars."
Proceeding this, the King of Mythical Being, as though he had heard some very satisfying satire,
laughed out loud without a care.
"How deeply amusing you are. It has been a desire time period since I have laughed this
large indefinite quantity at something other than a jester's foolish nonsense."
Change as he laughed, his ruthless unpleasantness did not weaken in the slightest.
Perhaps killing intent and great delight held roughly the same meaning to this golden
ruler.
"It is unfortunate, but I do not require a second friend. Past and future, my
companion will only be unit - and location need not be two kingly ones."
At such a resolute response, the King of Conquerors simply communicate quietly without
showing his dejection.
"That is a high and lonely kingship. I shall situation that unshakable state of affairs
with great admiration."
"Good. Demonstration yourself to your heart's desire, King of Conquerors. You are a foe
worthy of my judgment."
The two Kings gulped down their last drink together, get rid of of the emptied cups,
and turned back on their hit. Without turning around again, the two each returned
to the combat zone they came from.
Waver, who had watched over their last toast with a tense expression, act to meet
the King's return with a sigh.
"Do you two actually get along?"
"Source, we'll be killing each other now. Or he could be the last opponent in my entire
life that I will exchange glances with. I remove't be ungrateful."
"... Don't be stupid."
Waver countered Alexander's joking tone with a stifled voice.
"Location's no way you remove be killed. I won't accept that. Did you forget my Command
Seals?"
"That's right - yeah, that's it."

With an intrepid smile, Rider once again straddled the back of the waiting
Bucephalus and unsheathed the sword attach to his hip.
"Gather, my male sibling! Tonight, we shall mark our gallant figures into the strongest
legend!"
A wind of hot sand burst onto the bridge as though responding to the King's call and
scattered the mist from the river.
The content of the Heroic Spirits who had once seen the same dream as the King,
drawn from beyond time period and space, now came together and travel around the sword
of the European.
A boundless blue atmosphere. A horizon, blurred by the heat haze, that all would gaze at
with a single heart in order to ascertain its very end.
The mental images of the brave ones who crossed time period to seek the battlefield
eroded change experience and turned the uninhabited great bridge into a great plain with a
raging whirlwind.
And unit by unit, the Heroic Spirits hastened to the stage of the decisive battle they
were ordered to.
"Ahh......"
This was the second time period Waver had seen the spectacle of the compart Ionion
Hetairoi in their expansiveness. Change though it was no longer something to be
shocked by, now that he copulate the meaning of this ultimate Noble Phantasm which
represent the kingship of Alexander, he was overwhelmed by a sense of awe change
greater than the first time period.
The shining elites of the cavalry - the bond of lord and servant they had formed with
the King of Conquerors once upon a time period could overcome change the change of integrity of life
and the life.
Location was no place where their battlefield, change into eternity, could not be
actualized. If the King of Conquerors would again arrange forth in tyranny, then no matter
where he was, his subordinateness would hasten to him.
That was the pride of living thing together with the King.
The joy of living thing able to battle together, of their hot surging people.

"Our enemy is the King of Mythical Being, mightier than spot of thousands - an opponent
lacking in no regard! Come, heroic warriors, appear the original Heroic Spirit the way
of our tyranny!"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh - !!!"
At Alexander's roar, the approval of the arrayed troops grow into the air.
Only the solitary Archer was before them, confronting the great host which boiled
like the high seas, but he did not appear a speck of despair and simply stood,
imposingly blocking their path. His appearance, cover in gold, was like a single
arduous towering peak. The air of intimidation was unmistakably unprecedented,
precisely what would come from a leader Heroic Spirit.
"Come, lord of the subjugator. Now you shall know the true abbreviation of a King......"
At the boldly have King of Mythical Being, the host of Heroic Spirits, led by the heroic
horse Bucephalus, finally charged in a wedge formation.
Rider bellowed as he spearheaded the army unit. Answering his roar, the knights
released a battle halloo. To the surging rise and harsh thundering sound, Waver
added his own small voice with all his might.
"aaaalalalalaie!!"

-03:59:48
At that force, Saber was wandering aimlessly around eastern Shinto in search of
Irisviel. Naturally, she too noticed the smoke signal sent out at Fuyuki Municipal Hall.
Though she did not understand the significance of the signal, it undoubtedly had
something to do with the Heavens Feel. Like unit critically ill who would turn to any
doctor, as if grasping a lifeline, Saber immediately turned the vehicle and flit in the
direction of the smoke signal's flare.
Saber, who did not need to cross the Mion River to reach her destination, was not
attacked by Archer who was guarding the bridge, and arrived first at the Fuyuki
Municipal Hall.
Saber hit the V-MAX through the silent night scene; increase the V-write fourcylinder engine, she hit into the front porch, the walls of which still trust new.
Location was no sign of the enemy in sight, and neither could she sense any killing
intent hidden in the darkness. In that case  was the enemy hiding within the
building?
Saber gazed for a force at the play-black structure near the outer wall of the
Municipal Hall, turning the V-MAX around to the guiding road ordain for traveler.
She followed the slog path that extended below the building and entered the
maquis parking structure.
In the maquis structure where the moonlight could not reach, the white light of the
headlights cut through the darkness to brightness on the icy bind wall. The wide car
park, designed to accommodate more than a large integer cars, had not yet been
opened for use; only several cars from the construction company were parked here
and location; the rest of the empty space was heavy with dusty air.
The rough roar of the V-maxs engine was also swallowed up in an instant by the
strange, crypt-like silence. Saber warily glanced at her surroundings. All around her
was dense darkness, the shadows of the support upright that had been built all over
the place Extremely suitable for the enemy to hide his abbreviation. More importantly, her
instinct felt the murderous intent that almost saturated the air.
Ah
From the right came a resentful sigh; it sounded like the groaning of the dead from a
unenlightenment abyss.

Saber could not have heard this sound wrongly, for she had many term been its
target
URRRRRR!!
She immediately reacted to the explosion that closely followed the roar.
Saber twisted and people quickly. In the spot she had just been, the V-MAX give
behind was surrounded by fire that splashed like rain. In just unit instant, her
beloved steel steed was turned into a shapeless heap of scrap. The gunpowder
scent of damage reached Fencing Sword nose.
This weapon is
Saber had an impression of it. This was the rain of fire that had turned Lancers
Master and the restall who had fallen terribly butt to Emiya Kiritsugus
calculationsinto pitiful body. It was the mechanized drive-by killing weapon that had
become mainstream in this modern world.
In the depths of the darkness, red lotuses of burn blossomed once more. Under the
light that shone from the opening of the gun, the black shadow of Berserker
lengthened to a state of affliction as it applaud threateningly on the walls of the
maquis parking structure. Without the slightest hesitation, Saber leaped into the air,
dashing out through a baptism of flying lead bullets. The stray bullets of
unimaginably destructive quality strip undo a large opening in the bind of the ground
and walls. That quality obviously could not be spoken of in bicycle with the weapon
that Maiya had used. Saber sensed that change though she was a Servant, if she were
hit she would be fatally wounded; she gnashed her teeth in anger.
Of course, she could not have recognize the process by which Berserker had exist
the small machine guns. Both of the crazed black knights hands held a modern
firearm that Kotomine Kirei had prepared using the quality of his position as
Supervisor; Berserker nimbly and freely operated them as if they were extensions of
his own hands. The firearms structure and holster were all immersed in the hated
prana, and had turned into fierce magecraft military equipment that could threaten
change Saber.

The two machine guns were not in any way inferior to the black knights angry howl;
cry hotly, they attacked Saber. The bullets, faster than the speed of sound,

were still unable to surpass the speed of Fencing Sword sword. Nevertheless, the speed of
twenty-odd bullets per second give her only able to parry.
Berserker could confer the properties of a Noble Phantasm on the weapon in his
hand, regardless of its origin or time period period. Once it had been better to the
category of Noble Phantasm, the difference in quality between the two weapon types
of sword and firearm forced Saber into a decisively disadvantageous situation.
Because the building's construction was not yet finished, a large number of coat
cans were piled in unit corner of the parking lot. Unit of the stray bullets struck them,
and the calcined bullet caused the statement to explode. The maquis darkness
was live by red lotuses of burn.
Saber was so restricted by the curtain of bullets that she could not close in; she
trust around in search of a method by which she could return from certain defeat.
Then, she think a small truck parked in a lot at the corner of the car park.
Thats it!
Accept the risk that she could be forced into the corner with no route of retreat,
Saber dashed toward the vehicle she had arrange her attention on. Berserker hunted person her as
she fled, at the same time period drive-by killing at random with the firearms in his hands. Saber
made a ferocious step that narrowly state the howling bullets, dashing to the
back of the truck. She brandished the flat of her blade upward, flinging the structure
of the vehicle into the air.
At that point, the rain of bullets targeting Saber crumpled the truck as if it had been a
paper model. Saber continued to hide behind the structure of the truck, pieces of
which had been scattered all over, using her body part to halt the rotating body. In
this manner, she dashed toward Berserker.
Berserker continued to insert, using the machine gun to mercilessly smash the
structure of the truck to home appliance exfoliate. Change though the heavy frame of the truck quickly
provide its disintegrated failure, from Fencing Sword perspective, as desire as the temporary nipple shield
could close the distance and bring Berserker into vicinity of her swords criticism, it
would be enough.
Uaoaoaoao!
The bullets, which had penetrated the structure of the truck, feed her face and
shoulders. Unit bullet sent sparks flying in all directions as it impacted the oil tank,
change state the fuel inside. The structure of the vehicle, already unrecognizable, was

consigned to the flames. Nevertheless, change this did not stop the pace of Fencing Sword
criticism.
When the distance to the adversary had closed to less than ten meters, Saber
picked an opportune force to throw the flotsam of the truck toward Berserker.
Facing the flaming home appliance scrap, Berserker not only descend to dodge, but also brought
up a single hand in the initiate to smash it with unit fist.
The time period was ripe.
Ha-a!!
With a great shout, Saber once again pressed in on the damage structure of the
truck with the thunderous speed of lightning, using all her strength to drive her criticism
downward. The precious sword pierced the damage piece of home appliance that had been used
as a distraction; the point of the sword closed in on Berserker on the other side.
Blocked by the obstacle, Berserker was completely unable to see Fencing Sword group action,
and thus had no way of avoiding this criticism. In the third clash of blades, Saber finally
persuade a hit on the enemy in unit impact. From the point of her sword, a sense of
having persuade a direct hit traveled up to her hand.
But
Too shallow!?
On Fencing Sword side, because of the blocking nipple shield, she too could not directly see her
target. Change though she had indeed persuade a hit on the other by relying on her
intuition to criticism, she had ultimately not been lucky enough to achieve a critical hit in
that impact. The front part of Invisible Air, though it had accurately made contact with
the center of the forehead of the black helmet, it had been unable to smash the skull
inside.
The outside of the truck was constituent to a heavy rain of bullets, and its inside had
been pierced by a sword; this time period it finally broke into two pieces. Although
Berserker had not received a fatal wound, the fierce criticism to his face made him
overwhelm backward and give him unable to recover for a short force. That was time period
enough for a follow-up criticism. Now the measuring instrument of victory were tipped toward Saber.
Saber kicked aside the damage vehicle wreckage and lifted her sword high into
an upward stance. This time period, she would definitely not let him off. She intend at the

top of Berserkers defenseless head and gambled victory on the following direct
criticism.
The stance, speed, and timing were all perfect. It was a strike worthy of the name of
the sword-ply Heroic Spirit, enough to make unit believe that the outcome had
been decidedprecisely for this reason, the instant when Fencing Sword sword was
stopped in midair was especially surprising.
Berserker threw away the machine guns, hold the blade of Invisible Air between
his bare hands before her attention. That consummate ability was unbelievable on two
counts: the first was that he had used an impossible stance to respond to Fencing Sword
follow-up killing impact, and the second was that he had done so change though it was
impossible to understand the path of Invisible Air. But the Black Knight had grabbed the
white blade with his bare hands to seal Fencing Sword criticism as if he had recognize every
detail of Fencing Sword sword, from the body to the length, like the back of his hand.
Saber suddenly realized the fatal danger of having Berserker come into contact with
her weapon; she tremble violently. She chase away the astonishment of her heart to
the back of her mind and used all her strength to objection out towards the black knights
chest. Berserker, who could not take the impact and was forced to retreat, released
the precious sword, allowing Fencing Sword beloved weapon to narrowly escape the
danger of living thing corroded by the others black performance.
The mechanical device on the ceiling at last reacted to the flames spreading all around; they
began to violently spray curtains of fill. Change though their bodies were exposed to
torrential pour of fill, the silver and black knights still did not move in the slightest
as they confronted each other.
In Fencing Sword heart again rushed forth a question that could not be overlooked.
The deceptive illusion of Invisible Air had been ineffective against Berserker. He was
obviously very familiar with the sword protected by an invisible sheath. In other
words, that meant that he had originally recognize her before she had become a Heroic
Spirit.
At the warehouse district and Mion River, this black knight had shown an abnormal
persistence in attacking Saber. If his group action had not been under his Masters
instructions, but this insane Heroic Spirits own hatred
The more she mark at the black fog, the more indistinct the details of the armor
change state. This indicated that around Berserkers body was move a delusive

protection similar to Invisible Air, making it impossible to see the true face of this
Heroic Spirit. But at this point Saber could not but believe  he was undoubtedly
unit of the knights who had recognize her.
Your ability speculate that you are by no means an anonymous knight. Answer me!
Saber made up her mind and cried out loudly to the enemy she confronted through
the mist.
Since you have recognized that I am the King of Britain Arturia Pendragon and
challenged me as such, you should make recognize your background with the glory
befitting a knight! To issue a situation while hiding your identity is akin to plan
against me!
The patter of fill, like a heavy downpour of rain, was slowly penetrated by a clear
clatter  ka-da-ka-da  of metal. Though it was very dismiss, the sound that
permeated the ears change her soul; undoubtedly, it came from Berserker  under
the cover of the black mist, his full-body armor was motion.
That was the gentle sound of the armor that completely covered his limbs as the
pieces rippled softly and knocked against each other.
You
Saber finally discovered the source of the strange sound, like a sigh or a utterance,
crawling across the ground.
That grinding, sobbing noise originated from the depths of the black helmet.
Berserkers entire body tremble, unwrap an emotion that could not be
suppressed.
Laughter  when Saber understood it thus, an unspeakable fear ran through
her body.
Lacking sound logic or knead, with only her sixth sense as guidance, she realized
unit feeling: her previous interrogation had been a fatal mistake.
It was a pity that she had realized it too late. The words that would have summoned
to her the worst possible curse had desire since been spoken through her own lips.
The black fog painting the black knights entire body began to swirl and bowdlerize.
Within the rushing mist, the play-black armor finally revealed its true colors.

It was perfect armor that was neither exquisite nor crude, but which perfectly announce
magnificence and practicality.
The delicate, nuanced skill of a smith who had put in his utmost effort
succeeded in give it an air of formidability and fine construction. The countless
marks and irritate etched into it change state carvings light the user
illustrious military exploits, adding a touch of courage to the armour. It was an ideal
battle outfit that all knights could not help but envy.
Saber recognized the hero that had once worn that armor to ride forth on the
battlefield. At the Round Table of Camelot he had been an unrivaled swordsman
more radiant than any other; he had been a knight more excellent and a warrior
more loyal, more brave than any other.
You are how could
She wished that she had seen wrongly. He was the ideal incarnation represent the
true face of a knight. That illustrious appearance could not have become the pitchblack abbreviation corroded by the Mad Enhancement curse.
The black knight laughed sinisterly as if imitate Fencing Sword content, reaching for the
hilt of the precious sword in its scabbard. That sword had neither been picked up nor
stolen. This Heroic Spirit who had been hiding his name all along was finally
unwrap his own Noble Phantasm.
Saber could only watch on helplessly as he slowly drew the precious sword from its
scabbard.
She could not have been wrong; the create of the sword was the same as that of
her own, and the fairy letters carved into it was knead that it had not been forged by
mortal hands. The flash of the sharp blade under the moonlight was like the fill of
the lake as it shone with radiance. That was a limitless sword that would not be
damaged regardless of the criticism it had received.
Only he who was exalted as the perfect knight was worthy of having that sword; its
name was also recognize as Arondight  The Indestructible Light of the Lake  that
evidence spoke the bearers name change more clearly than if he had said it himself.
Chemical Element thur
The vengeful halloo reverberated within the black helmet. With this unit vibration, the
mask that had already tell under Fencing Sword previous impact now shattered.

From the break mask was revealed a blackened face.
Nothing remained of the beautiful visage that had once drawn the admiration of
many women. Past hatred had made him as gaunt and pallid as a illusion;
only his attention, filled with hatred, gave out light. That was the visage of a living dead
work who had lost everything to a curse.
Ah
Saber felt her knees weaken. The unyielding King of Knights neglect herself in
helplessness; as if unable to bear the weight of fill droplets raining upon her
shoulders and back, she fell to her knees on the make right.
Change those who are mythical being will fall so far as to lose change the most basic sense of
standing
In the past, someone had spoken to her thus.
In that case, had the curse started from then?
Do you really
Saber trust at the maneuver before her attention, who had desire since lost the identify
pride of yesterday and had been thoroughly change by his descent into the seat
of madness; hot tears rushed forth, and she could only question.
Do you really dislike me so large indefinite quantity, my friend? Change if you have become as
such Do you dislike me so large indefinite quantity, Knight of the Lake?!
In that instant, the young woman who always maintained her glory to the very end, who
try for standing to the very last
That was the instant in which she was defeated.

-03:59:32
In the silence, a repulsive odor of damage bait his nostrils; it seemed that a fire
had broken out somewhere in this large edifice.
Unhurried, Emiya Kiritsugus interval were light and decisive as he slowly walked to
the center of the empty porch.
He moderately relaxed the muscles of his entire body, not using excessive strength
to any structure. On the other hand, his nerves reflected the entire situation of the
surrounding structure, like a mirror more quiet and clear than the floor of a lake
sealed in ice, more psychic than proceeding, more distinct than vision, with no blind
spots. He had transformed himself into a probe that could instantly sense any dismiss
social group as he strolled through the darkness.
Kotomine Kirei should be somewhere here in the Fuyuki Municipal Hall, awaiting
Emiya Kiritsugus arrival.
Look this outcome, the ambush that Kiritsugu had think had truly been an
utter failure. But he felt no regret whatsoever, as he had finally been able to
ascertain the true colors of Kotomine Kirei, the enigmatic adversary; this was still
analyze a large gain. Precisely because Kiritsugus many predictions had come
to nothing, he had leave the answer through the process of elimination.
To sum it up, that work had no interest whatsoever in the Grail.
Under clergyman circumstances, all the Masters would battle for the sake of pursuing
the Grail. This idea had change root as a lasting first impression; it had blinded
Kiritsugus attention all this time period, until today. This was precisely why Kiritsugu had felt
uncertainty and a need of understanding toward Kotomine Kireis group action  which
had had nothing to do with the Grail.
But tonight, Kiritsugu had clearly seen Kireis strategy for the ceremony for the
Grails descent and discovered that he had been fundamentally wrong.
In using the Fuyuki Municipal Hall as the sacrificial altar, Kireis thinking had
really not been thorough. This fragile fortress was already lacking as a magecraft
defensive structure, but he did not take any defensive measures. Change if time period had been
pressing, he should at least have arrange up basic traps and protective partition.
Furthermore, if location had truly been no time period to sound, then why would he have
done something like summoning the other Subordinateness to come forth for a decisive
battle? Change taking a large integer interval back, change if he really did know absolutely

nothing about defensive magecraft, then why would he choose the unit leyline out of
the four that was most unsuitable for a defensive battle?
On thinking this, Kiritsugu could only believe  to Kotomine Kirei, the descent of the
Grail was of secondary importance. That work had picked the Fuyuki Municipal Hall
solely because the chances of living thing ambushed location were lowest. In comparison to
a successful descent of the Grail, he hoped more to gain the most advantageous
initiative in the final decisive battle between Masters.
Kotomine Kireis goal was not the Grail, but the bloodshed involved in the process of
obtaining it. The reason for that could not be investigated, nor did it need
investigation. It was enough to have understood who exactly the Executors target
was.
Kiritsugu slowly bite the Thompson Contender; feeling the touch of walnut wood
under his fingers, he thought of the face he had only ever seen in a photograph.
At this point, change if he tried to pinpoint how and where his path had crossed with
that of Kotomine Kirei, it was only a remove initiate. Kiritsugus life had not beat so
smoothly as for him to postulate that he had never made an enemy of someone. That
he was an outsider who had gatecrashed the Heavens Feel solely due to a personal
vendetta with Kiritsugu  this possibility could only be kill due to reasons of
probability. Though location was only a very small chance that an outsider could have
lasted to the very end of the Heavens Feel, as source as directed a stuffing that had
change the direction in which the Grail had progressedthe experience was before his
attention, and Kiritsugu could only accept it as the truth.
Emiya Kiritsugu had never sought the truth nor answer to things. To him, only the
situation had ever been worthy of concern.
He had merely betroth in his heart that he would save more people. Location was no
distinction between the lives that were saved. The balance that measured sacrifice
and salvation had nothing to do with reason or circumstance. Thus was his
existence. He would certainly not be foolish enough to inquire as to the significance
of his group action.
Therefore  in Kiritsugus heart, none whatsoever remained of the fear and sense
of crisis that he had previously felt towards Kotomine Kirei.
From the move point of knowing what his motives were, that work had fallen to
become a simple obstacle that hindered Kiritsugus change of location. No matter how strong

an enemy the other was, as desire as Kiritsugu was sure that it was someone he must
situation, that person was no longer unit for which he would feel anything. Location
was no fear, no hatred, neither underestimation nor compassion; he analyze only
unit feeling: elimination. That was the only function that Kiritsugu gave himself as a
killing machine.
The large area that comprised the first to third right could be said to be the key
structure of Fuyuki Municipal Hall. Kirei placed the body of the dead homunculus on
the stage - which, having been completely regenerate, was waiting only for the first
performance.
In its soft abdominal cavity, a foreign object could definitely be felt. It was likely that
the Grail that had been mixed in with the organs was now fall upon its original abbreviation.
Though Kirei could now cut undo the abdominal cavity and remove it, he was not
anxious to do so. When unit more Subordinateness soul was reclaimed, the outer covering
should automatically collapse and reveal the Grail. He had only to work.
Archer was confronting Rider at the bridge; Berserker was blocking Saber at the
maquis parking garage. Everything was pass smoothly. Now location was no
unit to disturb Kirei.
He give the area and arrived at the corridor. Instantly, the black smoke that
change the air bait his nostrils. The origin of the fire should be the
maquis battlefield. From the density of the smell, the fire had already spread to
the different body part of the structure. But all the wire connections to the outside,
including the fire alarm, had already been cut off; as desire as the fire did not spread
outside the structure, it would not be discovered by the nearby alexandrian.
With every step he took, his mood change state more passionate; the holy words of
prayer could not help but pour from his lips.
He decompress my soul. He model me in paths of morality for his names sake.
Change though I walk through the dale of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for
you are with me
He was here. Now he was sure to meet with him.
Emiya Kiritsugu was nearby. Just as Kirei request his arrival, so did he search for
Kirei.

The flames had separate the darkness, flickering and dancing in various body part of
the corridor. Warm air caressed Kireis face, but he did not care. The tide of people
that agitate in his heart burned change hotter than the flames.
Now, Kirei felt confer for the first time period. The God who had never confer him before
in his life had finally given him a revelation.
What he hunted person was this catharsis of hatred, this joy of the fight.
Your area unit and your staff, they comfort me. You sound a table before me in the
presence of my military unit. You anoint my head with oil; my cup spill. Surely
goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life
The tongues of burn followed the walls up to the ceiling, turning into sign
showing the way to Hell in invitation to the two men.
They advanced silently, high-spiritedly, without hesitation, toward the place of the
decisive battle.
Thus, they provide unit indicator below ground - the storage space for large props directly
beneath the stage.
At the other end which roiled with black smoke, Emiya Kiritsugu think the slender
maneuver clothed in vestments.
At the other end which roiled with hot air, Kotomine Kirei think the black overcoat of
his mortal enemy.
The radiance of the Black Keys in his hand reflected the brightness of the barrel of
the magecraft gun.
They both perceived the killing intent; they had desire come to realize that blazing
sensation.
So location was no further need for words for communication.
They finally trust directly upon each other with their own attention; they came to the
same conclusion at the same time period.
Seven Masters. Seven Subordinateness. All that was merely what could be called the
situation.

To Emiya Kiritsugu, this war was
To Kotomine Kirei, the entire battlefield of Fuyuki was
Everything of everything coexist for the sake of bringing down the enemy before
them.
Within the raging flames, the blades were moving.

Three in his give, three in his right, the Executor pulled out a total of six Black Keys
and sprinted forth.
The sight of the assassins gun trained on the shadow that closed in with the wind.
At this force and in this place, the curtains opened soundlessly upon the final
disagreement.

-03:59:04
The earth rumbled and clouds of sand were blown up as Ionian Hetairoi come
Change before such an overwhelming spectacle, the King of Mythical Being, Gilgamesh did
not move in the slightest.
The only feeling be in those red attention gazing at the magnificence was complete
people-colored joy. It was a feeling beyond the bounds of averageness, recognize only to
the king who had completely exhausted all the pleasures of this world.
In truth, Archer was pleased.
He was exhaust of how he would be invited till the end of time period, repeatedly, to farces that
were battles in name only. And now, he had finally exist an opponent he could
be as an 'enemy'.
A situation from that Rider was demerit using his full strength to gain supremacy.
"Tie imagination together and plan for tyranny... I will worship your enthusiasm.
But brave soldiers, have any of you discerned it? The truth, that a dream is
something you ought to wake up from before desire."
Archer, with the key sword in hand, open the vault from thin air. However, he did
not spread Gate of Babylon. What he took out was only a single sword.
"And thus, it was inevitable that I would be the unit to block your path, King of
Conquerors."
- Could it really be called something as specialized as a 'sword'?
It was a weapon of far too abnormal a body. Location was a grip and a hand guard,
and its length was about that of a longsword. But the crucial section where the
'blade' should have been assigned deviated far too large indefinite quantity from the abbreviation of an sharpen
weapon. It was a soften blade with a pillar made of three team lined up, and a tip
which spun in a spiral body. The three pillar sections were like querns, slowly
continuing to turn in alternation.
Yes, it was no longer a sword. Something born before the appearance of the
concept that this world called a "sword" remove't possibly have the body of a recognize
sword. It was something create by mental act by a God before humans. It was the
actualization of the works of a God say at the beginning of the world.

The three quern-like cylinders, acting in rock concert with the social group of the Heavens,
move as each make noise with a weight and quality equivalent to tectonic social group.
The enormous assets of be and overflowing prana was beyond activity.
"Now, know the conclusion of your unfulfilled dream. The truth shall be shown by my
own hand."
Archer held his hand high above his head, and the sword of the beginning gradually
increased the speed of its revolutions. Faster with each rotation, ever faster...
Rider, who perceived the threat simply through instinct, pressed on Bucephalus'
control.
"It's coming!"
He yielded the first move to Archer. That was fine. Change though he yielded it, it was
just unit impact. Ionian Hetairoi would sound that lonely golden shadow without
waiting for the next.
That living thing the case, he had to devote himself to overcoming that unit impact. Archer
boasted incomparable Noble Phantasms; this was unmistakably a trump card only
for when, in his own way, he believed the time period was ripe.
Was it an anti-army Noble Phantasm?
An anti-fortress Noble Phantasm?
Or it could be an anti-personnel Noble Phantasm, and what he truly intended was to
insert only at Rider, at the head of the army, bringing him down with quality...
It rumbled as a tornado roared, and an enormous assets of prana surged forth from
the grip of Archer's sword.
"Now awake, Ea. A stage befitting you has been prepared!"
Ea - the God of earth and fill from ancient Mesopotamian mythology who had
identify Heaven and Earth.
Called by this name, the Sword of Rupture was the primordial sword constitute at the
creation of the world in the Age of Gods. The role the blade of the beginning
accomplished - it was nothing short of that which had cut apart what had been
shapeless into Heaven and Earth, what had given a definitive body to that
distinction.

And now, the rotating God sword, haughtily blowing up storm rotation, would once
again perform that miracle of genesis. The golden King of Mythical Being triumphantly
shouted a declaration.
"Come now and look up - to Enuma Elish!"
Heaven utter, and Earth escape.
An enormous collection of prana was released, grinding at the laws of space.
The sword tip Archer swung down was not intend at anyone in the first place.
It was no longer a matter of aiming at anyone. What the Sword of Rupture's blade
cuts down cannot be contained to simply 'the enemy'.
Rider, driving his horse hard, think before his attention the break of the earth, and the
opening of an abyss.
"Hmn?!"
He had observed the danger that was slowly occurring at his secret agent, but the
momentum of the complain Bucephalus could no longer be oppress.
"Hii - "
The failure of falling could no longer be avoided; Waver stifled his scream. But of
course, the horse and rider carrying him right now were not the category to be daunted
by a danger of this indicator.
"Haa - !"
Responding to Rider's control, the heroic horse flew high into the atmosphere with a objection of its
splendid hind legs.
It was a bloodcurdling leap and move. But sure enough, at the end of that single
instant which seemed endless to Waver, what Bucephalus landed on was firm
ground on the opposite side of the opening.
However, before he had time period to feel relieved, Waver paled at the horrific state of the
following cavalry.
The group of King's Guards, not having legs as strong as Bucephalus', could not
completely cross the rupture in the earth, and fell helplessly into the abyss like an
avalanche. The expert of the ranks further back stop at the very boundary and
were saved from the miserable failure of the fall; however, it was yet nothing more than
the beginning of the tragedy.

"Boy, hold on!"
Reprimanding him, Rider grabbed onto Waver while clinging to Bucephalus' mane.
In the time period it took the heroic horse to sense the danger and jump back to a strongbox
structure, the opening expanded further in width, swallowing the surrounding earth and
the knights.
No - it wasn't only the earth. The cracks stretched out from the floor to empty air,
distorting space and sucking in the quality. The entirety of their surroundings
were blown into the end of the cancel by a surging wind.
"T-This is
It was such a scene that change the King of Conquerors was at a loss for words.
The Sword of Rupture commanded by the King of Mythical Being - what its single strike
bore through was not only the earth, but the world itself, lie down to the atmosphere. The
criticism was not change something to be discussed as a matter of whether it hit, or
whether its force was advisable. Soldiers, equine, the dust, the atmosphere - nearly
everything that used the cut space as a foundation was swallowed and disappeared
into the surging cancel.
Bucephalus put his hooves firm with all his strength and disobey the
atmospheric pressure of the vacuum; change as this happened, the great plain of hot
sand travel by Ionian Hetairoi tell, shattered, and collapsed into the abyss of
the cancel like the change of an sandglass.
Before that unit blade was swung, all things were nothing more than chaos which
could not abbreviation any meaning After that unit blade was swung, a new truth divided and identify Heaven, Sea,
and Earth.
The released disturbance of genesis was no longer in the knowledge domain of an anti-fortress Noble
Phantasm. It was an quality that broke down not only that which possessed
body, but all of creation. That was the true abbreviation of the anti-world Noble
Phantasm that made the King of Mythical Being transcendent.
Heaven fell, Earth broke; within the darkness where everything returned to
nothingness, only Archer's Sword of Rupture shone with elegance. The dazzling light
continued to complete the annihilation, like a star of creation, the first feeling
clarify the new world.

Rider and Waver could not ascertain all of this to the end. To begin with, the Experience
Marble they were in was maintained by the total prana of the summoned Heroic
Spirits. Before the world itself disappeared, the bounded field broke apart at the
depression once over half of the army had been lost, and the distorted laws of space
once again returned to the way they had been.
And so, as though arousal from a dream, Bucephalus, carrying the two of them,
landed on the great bridge of nighttime Fuyuki.
On the opposite bridgehead the golden Archer stood, blocking their path with a
attract smile. The location of the two did not change; it was as though time period had
rewinded back to the outset of the battle.
The only change that could be seen was the existence of the Sword of Rupture in
Archer's hand, which was still twisting and growling change now.
And the fatal change that could not be seen - the disappearance of Ionian Hetairoi,
Rider's trump card.
"Rider
The giant Servant, with a serious and dignified face, posed a question to his Master,
looking up to him with a pallid expression.
"Come to think of it, location's unit feeling that I have to ask you."
"... Huh?"
"Waver Velvet. Would you be a servant, and serve me?"
His entire body escape with violent emotions. Then, like the bursting of a dam, flow
of tears poured out.
It was a question that he copulate would always be out of his reach, and yet unit he had
been yearning and anxiously waiting for. Location was no need to search for a statement; it
was because he had already prepared unit, hidden deep in his heart like a treasure.
"You - "
The boy, called by his name for the first time period, threw out his chest without rub
away his tears, and replied with a steady voice.
" - You, are my King. I will serve you. I will make my all for you. Please, guide me.
Please let me see the same dream."

The King of tyranny smiled at the words of oath. To his servant, that smile was a
reward surpassing any prize.
"Hm, very source."
As soon as his heart was cover by the uplifting joy - Waver's body was truly
lifted into space.
"... Huh?"
The King picked up the boy's short body from the back of Bucephalus, and gently
change him onto the floor of the asphalt road. Having lost the self-aggrandizement from atop
the horse and returned to the vision of his original height, Waver felt nothing but
bewilderment at once again savoring his stature and delicacy.
"It is my indirect tax as the King to exemplify the dream. And it is your indirect tax as the servant
to ascertain the dream of the King, and pass it down to later generations."
Upon a saddle so very high that his shaking hand could no longer reach it, the King
of Conquerors smiled firmly but brightly as he passed down his sail command.
"Live on, Waver. See everything through to the end, live desire, and tell it; the nature
of your King; the run of this Alexander."
Bucephalus neighed, shape his hooves as though in encouragement - but in the
end, was it for the King who would now face his death, or the servant who was
entrusted with a difficult charge?
Waver hung his head, and did not raise it. Alexander took that as consent. Location
was no need for words. From this day until the end of time period, the servant would be
guided by the maneuver of the King, and the servant would remain loyal to that memory.
In the face of the oath, change change of integrity was meaningless; under the command of
Alexander, the bond formed between King and servant was eternal and beyond time period.
"Now, Bucephalus, to conquest!"
And so, the King of Conquerors kicked the lie of his beloved horse, and act off
to face his last run. Aiming for the bitter enemy waiting for him, he let out a
screaming war halloo.
He was a market strategist. He acknowledged fully the indisputable flow of battle. But 'that'
was different from 'this'. The King of Conquerors Alexander could not think of any
other refill other than charging toward the golden Heroic Spirit.

Location was no despair. Location was no despair. What was location was only the utter
excitement bursting full from his heart.
Strong - he was too strong. The hero who strip apart the world itself was undoubtedly
the strongest enemy in Heaven and Earth.
In that case, this work was the last enemy.
He was higher than the peak of the Hindu Kush, hotter than the hot seashore of the
Mackran - he was the last obstacle in this world. And so, how could the King of
Conquerors not situation it? If he remove surpass this, what move beyond was surely the
ends of the world. The faraway dream he had always been consider was waiting to be
fulfilled right now, before his attention.
"To Philotimo" - he challenged it because it was unreachable; he mail his
tyranny, exemplified it, for the sake of the servant who watched over his back.
The King of Mythical Being, towering over his path, calmly gazed at the contestant, and
released the treasures of the vault. Twenty, forty, eighty - a swarm of Noble
Phantasms deployed from thin air, shining like so many glittering stars. That light
made the King of Conquerors reminiscent of the starry atmosphere of the East far off in the
distance that he would look up to.
"aaaalalalalaie!!"
Bellowing with a delight that escape his heart, he rushed on together with his beloved
horse.
With haughty growls, the rain of stars come. Incessantly, mercilessly, the
fight trampled over their bodies. However, that pain was nothing more than a
worthless trifle compared to the excitement of this run.
Location were term when he had accept to that antitype of faint-heartedness - and yet
was not about to reach 'the furthest end'. How foolish. What a disgrace.
The 'end' he had been seeking was now towering over his path. Having crossed
countless structure, traverse countless rivers, he finally discovered the change point.
Thus, he would surpass it.
He would step across that enemy.

Unit step, and unit step further. The only feeling he had to do was simply repeat that.
If he continued to store it, then change that maneuver far in the distance would most
surely be reached by his blade.
The swarm of stars poured on boisterously. In his fury where change his
feel was prone to travel, his posture inadvertently and carelessly began
to decline.
Then he realized that, at some point, he had started pass on his own secret agent. How
far did his beloved horse Bucephalus reach? Where did he end? He wanted to
observe for his friend, who had boldly carried out his indirect tax to the end, but that was why
he could not stop now. This step he would now take forward was in itself the
mourning for those who were scattered.
His golden compete, as though understanding this, said something with an expression of
amazement. But he could not hear him. Not change the flashes of light grazing past his
ears, with the sounds of violent rotation, could reach his ears.
What he heard, was simply - the sound of the rise.
The sound of the rise breaking onto the remote empty shores - of the sea at the
world's end.
Aah, that was it. With a bright feeling, he understood it.
How had he not recognized it during all this time period? - This violent throbbing of his
heart was the cry of Oceanus.
"Hahah... AHAHAHAHA!"
He think his dream as he ran on the beach. The sensation of the sprays he kicked up
felt pleasant on his toes. The bright red soaking his secret agent might be the people flowing
from his own abdomen, but what of it? Right now, he was watching a dream of the
sea. How could location be any greater bliss?
The King of Mythical Being awaited him, right before his very attention. Unit more step - and
then, just unit more, and his sword, brandished high, could cleave apart the crown of
his head.
"Haaaah - !!"
With a telecommunicate victory halloo that reached the Heavens, he swung down the sword of
the Cypriots.

It was the peak of a force when he was convinced of his victory. The instant that
should have passed in the blink of an look seemed, for some reason, to stretch into
an eternity. It was as though time period stood still No. In truth, it did stop - not the flow of time period, but his own body.
Just before the swung sword could reach, his blade, his limbs, his shoulders, and his
abdomen were wrapped around by a attacker chain; the King of Conquerors breathe.
Enkidu - the secret among secrets contained in the King of Mythical Being' vault. The
restraint that assume change the Bull of Heaven.
" - Good grief... All these oddities, unit after another
Location was no wonder or regret. He simply mock himself for finally initiate over a
small careless mistake. A bitter smile grow from his bloodstained lips.
The sword of the Cypriots could not reach him; however, Gilgamesh's Sword of
Rupture pierced through Alexander's chest with its soften tip. He could feel the
sensation of the slowly grinding blade inside his vitals. This sword just becomes
more and more absurd - the King of Conquerors felt amazement as source as
admiration, as though this was the affair of another.
" - Have you awoken from your dream, King of Conquerors?"
"... Hm, yes. I suppose
It could not be carried out this time period, either. It had ended with the unfulfilled dream
remaining as it was - unfulfilled. However, now that he thought about it, that was a
unit-time period dream he had gamble his life for in the past.
The fantastic dream he think in Asia Minor in the remote past - now, in this Far East
land, he was once again consider the same dream.
Thinking nostalgically on such checkered circumstances, Alexander smiled.
If he could see the same dream for change a second time period, then it would not be strange
to have a third.
Which would mean It was nearly the right time period to see the next dream.
"This working group has, been... exciting, in all attitude as source

Alexander murmured in satisfaction, narrowing the corners of his attention which were
blurred by a people haze. Verify his expression of rapture, Gilgamesh solemnly
communicate.
"You may situation it however many term you wish, King of Conquerors."
To his worthy opponent, whose entire body was skewered from head to toe by the
rain of Noble Phantasms, yet who did not stop until thwarted by the Chain of Heaven,
the King of Mythical Being gave his greatest reward - he honored him with true feelings of
admiration.
"Until the end of time period, this world will always be my garden. Thus, I remove assure you.
You shall never find this world tiresome."
"Ooh...? That's, good to, hear
In the end, carelessly giving out the appropriate response, Servant Rider was quietly
extinguished.
In terms of time period, it was merely a short battle. It was nothing more than an offense
and defense that barely filled the few seconds it took for the mounted Heroic Spirit to
gallop across to the opposite bridgehead.
However, it was equivalent to a lifetime to Waver, who had it all burned into his attention
without suppress once.
He wouldn't ever forget it. Change if a lid was closed over his heart, he couldn't
possibly forget. The scene his attention caught in the last few seconds had already
become a part of his soul and was impossible to disconnect.
Waver simply stood rooted to the ground, alone where he was give behind on the
road, unable to move in the slightest. He repeatedly acknowledged that he must
move, but he felt that if he tried to walk a single step he would collapse onto his
knees.
However, he absolutely could not kneel down now.
The golden Archer, gazing at Waver with his brutal people-colored attention, slowly
walked up to him. He must not avert his attention. Change though his entire body was
frozen with terror, he at least understood that. He would not get the better of if he averted his
attention now.

The boy escape with fear he did not initiate to hide, yet he stubbornly did not avert
his attention; Archer stood before him, and posed a question in a voice completely
devoid of emotion.
"Boy, are you Rider's Master?"
He had thought that he couldn't possibly communicate from a throat frozen by terror, but
just as he was asked about his relationship with 'him', he was released from his
awkwardness for a short force. Waver escape his head, and replied in a hoarse voice.
"No. I'computer memory unit - his servant."
"Hmn?"
Archer narrowed his attention, trust all over Waver in his entirety, and finally noticed
that no place on his body transmit the presence of the command seals.
" - I see. But boy, if you truly are a loyal constituent, you have a indirect tax to take revenge for
your deceased King, do you not?"
Change with the second question, Waver answered with a strangely calm heart.
"... If I situation you, I would die."
"Of course."
"I remove't do that. I was ordered to live."
Yes - he couldn't die. Not now, when the last words entrusted to him by the King
were engraved into his heart.
Waver must escape from this dilemma no matter what. He was before an enemy
Servant and had no way to defend himself; change though it was a desperate situation
where nothing could be done - the unit feeling he definitely could not do was make up.
He could not ignore the way he had made the oath.
And that was perhaps a pain far more cruel than leave office himself to death.
The boy escape helplessly before the death he could not escape from, but his gaze
alone made his adamance recognize. Looking down wordlessly on that too-small
stature for a short while, Gilgamesh simply communicate once.
"The path of devotion is a great work. Do not ever damage it."
He had no reason to raise his hand against a feist who was neither Master nor
criminal. That was his decision as the King.

Waver watched his departure as the golden Heroic Spirit turned on his hit and
calmly walked away. Before desire, the maneuver was gone from his sight, and a cold
wind blowing across the river completely scattered the air of battle that had been
stretched out the entire time period; afterward, the lone boy realized that he had been give
behind in the night, and finally understood that everything had ended.
His knees escape again at the miracle that was his survival.
Right before Archer change his mind, he had truly had the intent to kill Waver. The
killing intent he released as naturally as breathing had wordlessly announced that.
Had Waver averted his attention, or collapsed with fear, or choked in his statement, that
would have truly happened.
If unit was to sneer at how he had only begged for his life, then unit simply did not
know of the remorselessness of the King of Mythical Being. Simply living thing alive after
beggar his terror was a conflict, and a victory. It was the first time period Waver Velvet
had gained a victory in a situation by himself.
It was an unsightly and very small battle. It was far from brave, or spectacular. No
unit yielded to him, and he exist no plunder. The only feeling he did was get the better of
and escape from a dilemma.
Change so, Waver was happy. He was proud. Only Waver himself could understand
how priceless it was for him to arrive at that impossible conclusion under those
circumstances. That standing was in him only. Change if it appeared unsightly to an
onlooker, location was no reason to feel ashamed.
He complied with the order of the King. He think everything through to the end, and
lived on.
He wanted to be praised. By that massive, heavy palm. By his rough, unreserved,
and thick voice. This time period, he wouldn't need to hide his trouble. He could
have thrown out his chest unreservedly and boasted about his action to
the work.
Yet - in this night sunken in silence, Waver was helplessly alone. No unit was beside
him. Like the him from eleven days ago, Waver was alone, give behind in a heartless
and apathetic corner of the world.
The battle was only for him. No unit had noticed what he had surpassed by himself
in his loneliness. No unit was praising him.

But if unit were to call it a cruel treatment - then no, it wasn't.
He had been rewarded with more than enough words of worship just now. The
grandest King in the world had recognized and assigned him. He was told that he
would be added into the ranks of the subordinateness.
The order of events was simply reversed.
He had now been praised for the far future as source; the only feeling to do now was to
devote all that remained of his life to store enough action to match
that eulogy.
Yes. Simply because of those words at that point in time period - he was not alone.
The force he understood this, his days as a boy was over.
And then he copulate it for the first time period; sometimes, tears flowed free from humiliation
or regret.
Now, on the empty bridge, looking down on the black floor of the flowing river,
Waver Velvet make his cheeks without any regrets.
They were the warm and snack food tears of a work.

-03:55:51
A woman was utter.
Her beautiful countenance change state more harass by the day with sorrow, and
wrinkles of dilemma were etched into the ends of her brows; the woman was silently
utter.
She blamed and questioned herself.
She was ashamed beyond measure.
As a sinner who thrust all the guilt and blame in the world, she could only make
her face day after day with her tears.
Everyone was speaking wicked words of her  an unchaste wife, a traitorous queen.
Those foolish plebians blinded by the glorious myths did not know the truth, but only
surrounded her and reprimanded her all at once.
They did not change know that her husband was not a work.
In this world, only her noble visage made him make out his true heart.
However, all he could recall were her frustrated and sorrowful tears.
Yes, he had hurt her.
Loved her
Was loved by her
That was the root of their fall.
Change she must have had discarded everything back then and consigned herself.
An ideal king was needed to save the country ravaged by chaos and war  and a
noble and virtuous queen needed to be beside the king. That was the way the
monarch was expect to be in the imagination of the people.
A womans life was so insignificant compared to this grandiose ideal.
Change if the king wasnt a work, change if this marriage was between two women who
hid the true gender of unit and could never be consummated, this sacrifice was
necessary to protect the country and its greater good.

Change so, he still wanted to save her.
The first time period he had been granted audience in the court, he had vow silently in
his heart that he would do anything for this woman, and would change make up his life
for her.
It had been too late when she discovered that it was this thought of his that had
been harass her.
She had fallen hopelessly in love with him.
She had already discarded the happiness of a woman. Love was the greatest taboo.
Change if this romance was impermissible, location should still have been a path in which
they could make their difficult resolution, body part their sins, and continue till the end.
What work would not fight against the entire world for the woman he loved?
However  he could not do that.
She was not a woman, nor was she a human, but a mechanical part called a
queen that argue the king overarch the world.
'He was not a work, nor was he a human, but a mechanical part called a knight
that served the king with absolute loyalty.
'He was the work called the Knight of the Lake  incomparably brave, courteous
and chivalrous, elegant and flamboyant at the same time period. He was indeed the
personification of the essence of chivalry, an existence that all admired.
Not only was this ideal knight worshipped by all, he had change been confer by the
spiritual being. This legal right was his ultimate glory, and at the same time period the greatest curse
bestowed upon him.
The perfect knight who served the perfect king  this work could only live in this
way that others had expected and trusted him to, and so make up his life for it.
'His life did not be to himself, but to the people who honored chivalry and gave
their lives for it.
And the king that he served was truly too perfect, a hero that was absolutely
flawless. The Knight of the Lake could never harbor any content of betrayal
towards this King of Knights who had saved his home country from the depths of
war.

'He declare his absolute loyalty to the perfect monarch, and made a noble friendship
with the monarch.
'He also copulate that, behind this noble chivalry, location was a tormented and ignored
woman who wept by the day.
Just which path had been the correct unit? No unit could tell now.
Should he have been cruel till the end and stayed with his ideals, or should he
have discarded loyalty and lived for love?
While his heart was twisting in agony, time period was passing mercilessly by. Finally, the
worst outcome greeted him.
Villainous fellows had shattered the kings prestige to pieces, and the betrayal of the
queen was finally revealed to the world. In order to save the queen, who had been
given the death sentence, he could only go against his king in arms  thus, he
lost everything.
A knight turned traitor
'His disaffection broke the balance within the Knights of the Round Table. Finally, this
incident change state the trigger of war and bloodbath, and the country shattered to pieces
in the flames of war.
Men had often called him with those imitate sound property.
That stained name was carved deeply in the history of the past and would never be
washed clean.
Therefore, she fell into a deep self-deprecation for having misguided that perfect
knight, and was utter to this day.
In the end, the only feeling he had done for the woman he loved  was to make her
halloo forevermore.
Had he been born as a sordid work without standing, he may have change away the
queen without a moments hesitation and destroyed the kings prestige.
But he was a knight, an overly perfect knight.
For the king who was his compete in love, for the unit who caused the woman he loved
to step onto that painful and difficult road  'he had never had any feelings of hatred
till the end.

Yes, who could possibly decrease that famous king? That king, whose glorious
name was passed down through the eons, was more courageous and noble than
anyone else. That king had ended that troubled time period.
That king, who had never lost a battle, was uncorrupted and just, honorable but
never affected by personal emotions, and had never made a mistake in life.
After all, that king had never blamed him throughout life. Change when the king had
gone to exchange blows with he who had been discarded by the Round Table, it
had been a helpless act to make an example out of him with the country as their
witness, and never the kings original intention. For him, who had committed the
greatest sin of betrayal, the king had always treated him with a pure and noble
friendship change to the very end.
That noble king was so correct. How could anyone dislike or despise that monarch?
However  if that was the case, then to whom should his regret and her tears be
discard upon?
The hatred he brought to the grave was extracted at the end of term desire passage,
and tormented him for an eternity on the Throne of Mythical Being that had no end And
then he finally heard the call from afar.
Come, mad beast.
Come, stubborn vengeful spirit. That sound from the end of time period had called.
That sound woke his desire-held wish.
Had he not been a knight.
Had 'he' been a beast knowing no standing and had no reason, had 'he' been a demon
fallen into the baseball league of beasts, maybe 'he' could have avenged this hatred and
regret.
Yes, madness was the road to salvation.
A beast would not be lost. Therefore, it would not feel pain. No unit expected
anything of it, no unit entrusted anything to it. If he could become a beast and direct
the social group of his limbs with nothing but his own desire
This wish change state the connection that linked him with the end of time period, and placed
him on this battlefield that he cared and copulate nothing about.

'He had desire ago neglect his name, desire ago neglect his disciplined vow. His
body only coexist to perform the murderous skills that his hands had desire been
impregnate in. The pride that took shame in this no longer coexist, and the heart that
regretted was lost as source. This was who he currently was  the existence called
Berserker.
Location were no regrets. To fall, to be freed, that was what he had sought.
Moreover, the merciless hand of Failure had change arranged such an ironic date.
"... Chemical Element thur
The call that slipped out of 'his' lips no longer meant anything.
Change so, this silver swordsman who now knelt in the torrential rain was undoubtedly
that person whom 'he' had both loved and hated in the past.
That noble visage and that majestic and solemn face, which innumerable hopes and
declare had been bestowed upon, was now rest in front of despair. Now the
king copulate the truth that had been hidden for so desire, copulate the hatred that had been
buried in eternal darkness. The king neglect the pride of a monarch and mourned.
Do you dislike me so large indefinite quantity, my friend?
Yes, thats what I wanted to see  the beast in his heart cried, the knight in his heart
sobbed. Savor it source. Now you know how many tears weve shed for your transient
glory, how we have annihilated ourselves, wasted our days, and sat in condition
waiting for old age.
Now was the time period when his buried wrongdoing would be punish. The fallen black
knight lifted his sword of vengeance up high.
Do you dislike me so large indefinite quantity, Knight of the Lake?!
Ah. Yes, thats right.
At the time period, had I not been a knight, but only lived as a work
Had I not been a loyal constituent, but hated you as a human
Then, perhaps, I could have saved that woman!

-03:54:28
The battle tactic analysis concerning Kotomine Kirei  was conducted based on
accounting data from Hisau Maiya, who had try him twice.
He threw Black Keys for be battle. A single throw, together with preparatory
movements, remove be completed in digit.3 seconds. As for continuous throwing, it had
been confirmed that he remove complete four throws in 0.7 seconds. He remove also criticism
without obstacles toward unconfirmed targets. The quality of the blades, half-spiritual
entities, remove penetrate home appliance. Chances of a hit  100% when he is using performance.
He used Baji Quan for melee fighting. Although the details were unclear, he was
indeed at the indicator of an expert. He had seriously injured Maiya, who had a dagger,
with just unit impact. The destructive quality of this category of criticism remove snap a tree with
two blows, and was extraordinarily dangerous.
The frock covering his entire body had been reinforced with bullet-knead materials
and deliver to protect against spells. It remove defend against the impact and the
penetration quality of 9mm Parabellum bullets.
As for the result of pre-battle intelligence gathered from other fields  according to
the magecraft teaching result report exist from Tsaka Tokiomi, Kotomine Kireis
indicator of magecraft learning had not progressed beyond the degree of a cofounder. His
most outstanding ability was simply spiritual better. If he were to use any effective
measures during battle, then the only predictable unit would be physical
enhancement; his most adept ability, used to exert change greater physical strength.
Lastly, predicting his battle tactics.
Since Emiya Kiritsugu had thoroughly hid himself, the most accounting data Kotomine
Kirei could get to treat Kiritsugus tactics would exist of rumors. The only battle
in this Heavens Feel that forced Kiritsugu to use his secret weapon was the fight
against Lord El-Melloi. The bounded field of the Einzbern Castle at that time period was still
dense enough to prevent the Assassins from spiritize. Moreover, Kirei himself
was tied down in the battle with Maiya and Irisivel during that time period. In conclusion, it
was impossible for Kirei to know about Innate Time Period Control and the Origin Bullet. It
remove be concluded that he would not have countermine for these.
The above was all the accounting data that Emiya Kiritsugu had gathered concerning
the final decisive battle.

Firstly, their initial wave of attacks exist of Black Keys versus bullets. Of course,
Kirei would be in an overwhelmingly disadvantageous position. However, if he
wanted to rely on magecraft to pay for his need in weaponry, then it would
be very possible for Kirei to rush up fearlessly and shorten the distance between
them.
At last, the Executor waved the wing-like six Black Keys and rushed toward Kiritsugu
from the front. It seemed that he had made the defensive preparations for Kiritsugus
bullets.
That was exactly what Kiritsugu had wanted. Kiritsugu could doom the success of
his killing impact precisely because Kirei had made defensive measure. It was
because he was firing the magecraft bullet from his Mystic Code.
With the effect that the early badminton equipment gets the worm, Kiritsugu fired toward his opponent.
Kirei should have been able to completely predict the trajectory of the bullet from
Kiritsugus killing aura and preparatory group action. As a humanoid Shura, an Executor
of the Holy Church, the skillfulness of Kireis mind far surpassed that of a bullet.
Kirei cover a large covering magecraft.
The Black Keys that he grasped with both hands instantly expand up into more than
twice their original size. The half-spiritual blades, which were woven with magecraft
to begin with, had extra prana affect into them and were completely strengthened.
Although the forceful execution of this spell evidently surpassed the limit of the
weapons themselves, it was enough to handle unit bullet. Kirei crossed the six
enormous swords before his chest and held them in fan-like formation. The mighty
destructive quality of the .30-06 Springfield assault rifle bullet was completely sealed
off in an instant.
The bullet was deflected away together with flying sparks. At the same time period the
Black Keys, which had been filled with too large indefinite quantity prana, could no longer handle the
heavy load and shattered completely.
This extraordinary ability, which allowed swords to surpass bullets, now change state a
wrong move. It was truly shocking that Kirei, who shouldnt change have a Performance Crest,
could exert such a surprising ability. But more importantly, this would allow the fatal
annihilation of Kireis Performance Travel, which were currently deliver as a sack full of
energy. Due to Emiya Kiritsugus repulsion towards the Origin, Kireis flesh would

instantly be annihilated due to the magecraft pass rampant in his body  that was
what was expect to happen.
A rapidly approaching maneuver clad in black frock suddenly appeared within the
fragments of the six Black Keys, which were scattering away. Kiritsugu couldnt help
but gasp in surprise.
Time Period alterdouble accel!
His body reacted sooner than his brain while he remained in shock. Kiritsugu
chanted a spell.
Kiritsugu start backward at the last force. Kireis right foot ferociously swept
past the tip of Kiritsugus nose, and the give foot that followed up the criticism didnt
land on Kiritsugus neck either. Kireis smooth hook kicking criticism completely
missed its target under the disorder caused by Kiritsugus stand-in-speed social group.
That was not within the scope of his predictions. The Origin Bullet fired from his
magecraft Contender gun was nullified  Kiritsugu couldnt maneuver out the reason no
matter what. Meanwhile, Kirei didnt know the reason for Kiritsugus surprise. Change
Kirei wouldnt have imagined that the uniqueness of his magecraft had surprisingly
nullified Kiritsugus killing impact.
Kirei had never been an orthodox sorcerer. Kirei, whose Performance Travel were yet to be
developed properly, only exist a source of prana through utilizing the spare
Command Seals he received from Risei so he could instantly learn how to use
magecraft. Although the characteristics of the Command Seals meant they were
disposables which would disappear upon use, it had managed to save Kirei at the
end. The force that the magecraft was activated and the Origin Bullet made
contact to exert the symptom, the Command Seal that served as the source of prana
had simply disappeared from Kireis arm.
Having his unit-turn-kill plan completely disrupted, Kiritsugu could only change of location onto
his next step. He did not expect the opponent to criticism back. Although in terms of
the result, Kireis criticism would only be a waste of efforts, the overwhelming
destructive quality of his martial arts was evident. This work is a high-indicator martial
artist, and Kiritsugu wont have any chances of victory if he was pulled into melee
fighting with him.
Kiritsugu ignored the damage Innate Time Period Control gave him as a side symptom and
maintained its activation and escaped Kireis range at once. Firstly, he had to

increase the distance between them, otherwise he would have no chance. Kiritsugu
would be able to deal with Kirei if the other simply threw Black Keys, but the electrical phenomenon
competition had become an authentic athletic contest of distance. Kiritsugu was retreating,
while Kirei was advancing. Since the ideal distance for them to initiate an criticism
contrast between the two men, now they could only compete their speed on foot.
The quality of mobility that Innate Time Period Control gave to him was Kiritsugus most
reliable defence. Firstly, a certain distance was needed to fill the Contender bullets.
As desire As Kiritsugu was at a relatively close distance where his mortal enemy fists wont
hit him, but at the same time period wont be able to predict the bullets path and thus
escape, then he would be able to surely finish the enemy this time period. Change if the bullet
contained no magecraft, the bulletproof undergarment that the enemy decay which had been
mentioned in Maiyas report would not be able to stop the innate penetration quality
of these hunting bullets that remove kill change large beasts in unit shot. Though he
understood that the continuous activation of Innate Time Period Control was nothing less
than assisted suicide, he had no other choices at this force.
However  Change then, Kiritsugu still underestimated the work Kotomine Kirei.
It wasnt due to Kiritsugus overly-abstinence speed or a miscalculation that caused Kireis
hook objection to go off the mark. Kiritsugus social group wasnt so nimble that Kirei
was completely unable to grasping it. Once he understood that Kiritsugu was only
moving at twice the speed of normal human  Kirei also made appropriate
procedure.
Therefore, Kiritsugu immediately experienced surprised for the second time period.
The space between them was more than five interval. The tall Executor took a dismiss
step forward, and shortened this seemingly strongbox distance. This step, which sneaked
toward the enemy along the ground without announcing its speed, was called the
moving stance. It was also unit of the dangerous secret skills of Baji Quan.
The tall, frock-clad maneuver slid in front of Kiritsugu like a Farm Machine, while Kiritsugu was
shivering all over. Baji Quan remove exert its greatest quality at this distance. Kireis fist
hit down heavily toward the enemy with the quality to reach infinity in all eight
directions
Kirei treat forward. The concrete right boomed under the impact, and the heavily
put forward fist hit against Kiritsugus chest like a rock. Using the Eight
Expose of the Saint Guards style, Kireis single impact had the same quality as a

grenade exploding in front of someones chest. Kiritsusus body, which took the full
force of the impact, flew out into the air like a strand of convert and slammed into the
support upright that overcrowd the room. He never had the chance to defend himself.
His thoracic cavity strip apart under the heavy hit of Kireis home appliance fist, and his lung and
heart were pounded into nothing more than a mesh of meat.
Kirei remained clutching his fist and experienced the feel of death on his hand, and
at the same time period breathe slowly. Change a fight to the death, in which every second
mattered, took only unit force to decide the victor. He experienced an condition
that he had never felt before the force he attained victory. This had originally
been an end that he had hunted person with a crazed fervor.
This torpor made Kireis concentration soften. He didnt know that the opponent would
actually walk in an criticism at this momentary gap. Nor did he realize that he would
be the next to experience surprise.
Location was a piercing pain between his brows, and the overlay red covered his
field of sight.
The sound of shooting beside his ears made Kirei instinctively raise his arms to nipple shield
his head before he understood what was going on. A rain of 9mm bullets was
mercilessly showered upon him. The sleeves, which were made of Kevlar and
covered in protective sigils, barely managed against the force of the bullets. Kirei
was stunned.
Change Kiritsugu did not expect himself to be revived. He had already been prepared
to die when Kirei neared him. In truth, Kiritsugus heart and lungs had indeed been
completely destroyed, and the best he could succeed should have been a final
struggle.
However, seconds before his people-withhold brain was about to die due to need of
oxygen, the heavy and uncontrollable personnel casualty on his body had healed completely by
itself. Of course, Kiritsugu didnt use any better magecraft. Nonetheless, Kiritsugu
had no cognitive state concerning this shocking miracle. He immediately understood what
was going on.
The Noble Phantasm, Avalon  the holy relic that had summoned Saber and had
been kept by Old Work Acht, the sheath of the holy sword that had protected Irisviels
body for so desire. Kiritsugu exist this sheath when he identify from his wife,
this sword sheath that remove prevent change and have a mighty better quality.

Since it had been sealed inside Kiritsugus body, who was Fencing Sword authentic Master,
the sheath could obtain prana from Saber and exert its symptom in full according to the
bowdlerize.
Although Kiritsugu understood its ability, he had never confirmed it with his own
attention. Therefore, he did not expect the sheath to be able to heal fatal disservice. The
electrical phenomenon situation was completely unpredicted for him. Kiritsugu was indeed
admirable; he began to consider battle tactics as soon as he realized that he had
been revived. He didnt undo his attention, and he suppressed the urge to cough as his
body began to breathe again, and pretended to be dead while waiting for the chance
to propel a surprise criticism.
Unfortunately, the Contender in his right hand still needed a bullet to fill it. If he were
really to criticism the other at unawares, then he could only use his give hand to take
out the short automatic machine gun from the holster on his chest and fire. However,
since Kireis strategies against bullets were perfect, Kiritsugu must intend at his head if
he were to have a chance at victory.
It was awkward angle, and he could only fire instinctively. Moreover, the target was
very small. Kiritsugu, who was a master player, managed a hit change though these
three obstacles presented themselves before him. However, though the bullet hit its
target, Kireis head was not shot through. Only the skin on his brow was discard.
Bullets remove easily be deflected off their effective bend since the skull is made of
curves, and therefore it is a rule in real battles to avoid aiming at the head.
Kiritsugu adjusted the machine gun into full automatic mode after he understood his
surprise criticism had failed, and sealed Kireis movements using a tight wall of
suppressive fire. At the same time period, he used his right hand to take out the empty shell
in the Contenders barrel. Although it was hard to use only his give hand to control the
machine guns kickback mechanical phenomenon, which was as ferocious and wild as an untamed
horse, Kiritsugus right hand still managed to fluently include out a series of
movements. It was as if he had trained himself into a war machine.
What was more worthy of worship was his strength of mind. Change though his two
hands were contend in two completely different tasks, he actually managed to chant
out a spell with a superhuman strengthening.
Time Period alterdouble accel!

The time period within his body change. Kiritsugu threw everything to the wind in order to
maximally use the tiny gap that he had managed to steal from this strong enemy.
He hit his accelerated limbs and leapt up from the ground, jumping backwards to
further the distance. The machine gun ran out of bullets. Kirei adjusted his deceive.
Kiritsugu threw away the machine gun and grabbed a .30-06 bullet with his now
empty give hand. Kirei loomed near. With a near-flight speed  Kiritsugu filled the
Contenders undo barrel with the bullet. He closed the barrel half-way, took intend
A space of three interval identify him from Kireis home appliance fists.
The Contender once again let out a furious roar. Kirei had no time period to dodge, nor did
he have time period to pull out Black Keys.
Actually, Kirei never intended to dodge.
Kirei once again activated his Command Seals the force he treat toward
Kiritsugu. He strengthened his physical abilities  he accelerated his reaction time period
and calculate the maximum quality output of his right flexor, length muscle,
and pronator teres muscle. Location was no time period to strengthen the dolman sleeve of the
bulletproof frock. The rest depended on his ability.
Kirei moved his right arm again before the Contender shot out a bullet. His arm,
having transformed into a lethal megacraft Mystic Code, carved a spiral in the air
and a tornado roared into living thing.
This social group change state a spiralling force. It had originally been a defensive ability to
nullify the opponents fists, but it had been performed at an extraordinary speed after
the prana of two Command Seals had been soak into it.
The bullet, which give the barrel at a speed of 2500 inches per second, was wrapped
into the spiral that moved at a divine speed. Change so, the .30-06 bullet still kept a
straight path. It strip apart the Kevlar sleeves and clashed viciously with Kireis
hardened arm, emitting alien sounds like the clash of two mill stones.
The scattering sparks distorted the usual laws of physics. It was a supernatural
development where the approximately 3000 pound per inch kinetic energy bend its
knees to the quality of prana. Kiritsugu felt a chill creeping up his skin as he watched
the second Contender bullet had its trajectory forcibly change and flew off toward
the distance.

Monster  he didnt know how to describe this work apart from that word. At this
force, Kotomine Kireis battle prowess could probably be analyze that of a
desperate work. Just what category of a willpower was required for a living work to baboon
his own body into such a frighten lethal weapon?
A piercing pain suddenly invaded his entire body. With a moan, Kiritsugu move.
His body had reached its limit due to the continuous activation of Innate Time Period
Control. The people vessels all around his body had separate, and the study in his
limbs also began to fracture due to having borne an unimaginable burden.
However, Kirei did not follow up his criticism during this pause. He remained where he
stood and did not move, as if he was observing the opponents next move. Large
amounts of people gushed out of his right arm where the frock dolman sleeve was torn. It was
probably because he had used too large indefinite quantity prana with his unskilled method. His right
arm, which had been overly strengthened by magecraft, was severely wounded as
the price for having blocked the Contenders impact.
The two men kept their disdainful attention on each other, and analyzed the situation as
they each thought of their next move.
According to Kireis analysis, Kiritsugus strategy  consisted of a magecraft that remove
accelerate his social group and a better quality that could change bring to the caster
change if the heart was destroyed. In other words, Kirei had to permit that he could not
win no matter how heavy a wound he may deal to the enemy, unless he could
get the better of Kiritsugus brain with unit impact. As for himself his right arm had been
damaged from the muscle to the bone, and he could only succeed unit more impact
change if he was prepared to shatter his entire right fist. On the other hand, although
the wound on his forehead wasnt deep, the people that seeped out had affected the
sight of his give look. The bulletproof ability of the frock had also been severely
take down since he had been shot at multiple term, and only the protective sigils
close to his body remained intact. He had twelve Black Keys and eight Command
Seals give.
According to Kiritsugus analysis, Kireis strategy  consisted of an unknown prana
source that remove nullify his Origin Bullet, and his ultimate Baji Quan skills. Melee
fighting would be extremely disadvantageous for him. As for himself he had lost
his machine gun and the Contender needed to be filed again. His remaining
weapons consist of unit dagger and two grenades. The heavy wound that his chest

had exist at first had all but healed and wont affect his movements, but he didnt
know about the damage caused by Innate Time Period Control
Kiritsugu finally felt that location was something different when he attempted to frap
the muscles on his arms and legs.
He could move them; location were no cognitive factor. The study which had definitely
snapped a while ago were now in perfect condition, as if they had never been
damaged  no, he could still feel the echo of that pain in his body, but location were no
disservice.
I see.
Kiritsugu finally understood the true demerit of this trump card within his body. It
seemed Avalon not only could heal disservice dealt by his military unit, but also the
damages dealt by himself. This discovery gave Kiritsugu, whom had fallen into a
desperate situation by fighting with an unimaginably strong enemy, the greatest
confidence in the world.
Which means
Time Period altertriple accel!
Kiritsugu boldly leapt toward Kirei at the same time period that he muttered that forbidden
spell. His completely unpredictable change caught Kirei off-guard. Unit impact
from the hardened walnut wood hit Kireis right length and ulna. This time period, his
right arm was completely ruined.
As the same time period that he struck out viciously with his right arm, Kiritsugu drew out
the dagger by his waist using his give hand. He concluded that it didnt matter how
great a threat Kireis martial art skills may prove to be; victory would be to
Kiritsugu as desire as he kept moving at three term the speed of a normal human.
Using Innate Time Period Control in this way would ordinarily be assisted suicide, but he could now
use it to its full potential as a strategic weapon thanks to the protection of Fencing Sword
sheath.
Kirei dodged the upward injure as the dagger was removed from its sheath, and used
his give arm to block the downward slash and return horizontal swing Kiritsugu
followed up with. However, Kiritsugu edged toward Kireis give side using these three
attacks, and prepared to use Kireis blind spot  due to his give attention ruined eyesight
as his advantage. As desire as he stayed to the mortal enemy give side, Kiritsugu would
have all the chances in the world to successfully submit Kirei from his blind spot.

Kiritsugus sharp blade travel nearer, but Kirei didnt turn and used his give side of the
body to block everything. Turning around would have been pointless; his broken
right arm could not possibly block Kiritsugus dagger. Therefore, though it was very
disadvantageous for Kirei to use his give side of the body to defend himself, he had
no other choices.
The dagger attacked continuously as it flashed with a chilling light. Clergyman humans
would never have been able to see Kiritsugus social group, and could only have
assume the lighting-like residual images of the dagger. However, Kirei blocked
every single criticism using just his give hand. Kirei, who easily defended himself change
when faced with attacks made at three term the speed of normal humans, terrified
Kiritsugu. Location were a few attacks that Kirei would never have seen coming with
his attention, but the Executors give arm made effective defences as if it had grown attention.
Could this be the idea of  proceeding a move!?
Kiritsugu only had a vague impression of this phrase. It had been said that when a
martial artist had reached a certain advanced state in his skills, he wouldnt need
eyesight to spy the mortal enemy social group. He could predict the opponents next
move purely on the brief force when his arm touched that of his opponent.
Then the attacks from his blind spot had also been rendered pointless. Since the
direction the attacks were coming from werent break, Kirei could block them
change if he couldnt see them. This mans skills made him someone who wouldnt be
at a disadvantage change when put under the duress of speed.
Kiritsugus arms, legs, and heart let out sad screams of excruciating pain with every
swing of the dagger. The adverse symptom of Innate Time Period Control was also mercilessly
tearing apart Kiritsugus flesh. At the same time period, Avalon was also fixing the damage.
Regardless of how Saber herself had used it, the sheath was only better Kiritsugu
while in his body; in other words, it was only weaken the damages received. That
meant the excruciating pain of torn connective tissue and snapped study were harass
Kiritsugus nerves every single force.
Change so, Kiritsugu did not delay. Location was no need to delay. As desire as his
body could maintain its duty, he didnt need to regular payment any foil to what he was
feeling. Kiritsugu predict everything on the symptom of the sheath of the holy sword, and
continued to accelerate against the normal time period flow as if his life depended on it.
Whoaaaaaaaaa!!

Kiritsugus body was reborn at the same time period as it was dying. Kiritsugu shout out
of agony while he swung his dagger, aiming for the enemy before him. His people
vessels, which endlessly act a cycle of rupture and correct, shed out
sanguineous cover with his every move.
Kirei suddenly change his secret agent stance, and rolled forward towards his give. Kiritsugu
had thought that the mortal enemy ability to hear a move had been pushed to its limit,
but Kirei unexpectedly used his secret agent to hook unit of Kiritsugus legs from the inside.
This legwork was named the locking stance. Kiritsugu immediately stumbled
backwards. After he finally managed to balance himself, he realized that a heavy
impact from Kirei was abstinence approaching. However, since his weight had change
backwards, he would definitely be hit.
If so  Kiritsugu squeezed out a spell from his throat that was make with people.
Time Period alter square accel!
The explosive pain boiled into every part of his senses. Kiritsugu leapt up and
backwards, and turned in mid-air to escape out of Kireis range of criticism. At the
same time period, he threw out the dagger in his give hand with all the strength in his body.
Faced with this shocking act change, Kirei couldnt dodge no matter how
good his move-proceeding skills were. The dagger strip through air and flew toward
Kireis thigh. The Kevlar fibres were pierced through and the sharp blade stabbed
deep into flesh.
Kiritsugu maintained his four-time period change and continued to leap backwards as
if location was a kill equipped on him. He had moved about ten meters away from
Kirei in the blink of an look. Kirei took the opportunity to take out a Black Key and
throw at him, but Kiritsugu dodged it with ease and began to refill the Contender at
the same time period.
He pulled it and opened the barrel.
Kirei rushed up. He paid no foil to the dagger, which was still sticking out of his
give leg. Change the fact that the sharp blade was tearing the wound undo wider as he
ran did not cause him to delay any.
The move cartridge danced in the air; the light of the golden bronze sparkled.
Kirei pulled out four Black Keys with his give hand. That was the limit to the number
he remove manipulate in unit hand.

Kiritsugu put the new bullet into the barrel. The bullet slide in easily, but this split
second had seemed so desire in the quadruple-accelerated time period.
Kirei threw his Black Keys, not to the front, but upwards. The four sharp blades
danced in the air beneath the tall ceiling of the large prop warehouse like
boomerangs. Kirei didnt plan to use the Black Keys for a normal criticism; Kiritsugu
didnt know his intentions. Moreover, location was no time period to ponder Kireis intention at
this force.
With unit flick upwards, the gun barrel was closed. The Contender once again
transformed into that heinous murder weapon.
Kirei was getting close. He again used his martial art attitude to shorten the distance
between him and Kiritsugu, but he wont be getting any nearer. Right now, Kiritsugu
would definitely be able to dodge him and fire at the same time period.
The Black Keys landed from above him. Kiritsugu finally perceived Kireis tactics
when the four sharp blades surrounded him in all directions like a badminton equipment cage.
Hunt his movements  if Kiritsugu wanted to dodge Kireis sudden advance, location
the sharp blades of the Black Keys would be waiting for him no matter where he
moved toward. Kireis intention had always been to seal Kiritsugus movements
when he threw the Black Keys.
The only way to stay alive was to fire before he was attacked.
Kiritsugu intend with Contender. Location was no need to be anxious, no need to be
fearful. All he needed to do was concentration on firing at the enemy in front of him.
Kirei treat on the ground viciously with his right foot and leapt forward. This leap
equaled to about five normal interval. His give foot would likely be broken the force
he land, but it didnt matter; the following impact would decide the victor. Location was no
need to hold back; his entire body had been fully prepared. His goal was to perform
unit of the Eight Large Integer Openings  The Standing Upward Cannon. The smashing
upper hook would definitely shatter the opponents skull into pieces.
I will win  both men believed firmly in that.
I will die  both men understood that fact.
The fist and the gun that contained the will for a sure kill finally completed their last
exchange.

Emiya Kiritsugu and Kotomine Kirei, who were deeply engrossed in battle, did not
notice the abnormality above them.
Directly above the big prop warehouse where the two men were, Irisviels alreadycold body was placed upon the raised stage of the music hall.
As the Guardian, she had almost lost all signs of life. The organs within her body
had already reverted to the abbreviation of the Blood Vessel of the Grail, and was waiting to
recollect the souls of the remaining Subordinateness.
After Archers victory, this blood vessel had finally absorbed the soul of the common fraction Servant.
The hunt enchantment had already disappeared. Having gathered enormous
amounts of prana, its residual rise brought scorching heat to its surroundings.
The body of the beautiful homunculus was completely consumed by the heat in
the blink of an look, and was take down to ashes. That was not all. The golden cup that
had contacted the outside air burn the right and the curtains, and cry flames
cover the completely empty stage.
On the stage where the fire was raging ever wilder, the golden cup floated in the air
as if it was confirm by a pair of invisible hands. The ceremony of the descent of the
Holy Grail, which the Three Noble Families of the Beginning had request so large indefinite quantity,
had begun silently change without the presence of a priest.
Then  a gap no wider than the width of a hair, so climax and almost invisible,
appeared on the Gate that remained tightly closed. Through this tiny gap,
something beyond the Gate silently seeped into the Holy Grail.
That feeling seemed very similar to mud. It was black, simply and only black, a feeling
that seemed like mud.
The feeling that seeped into the Holy Grail suddenly travel by unit drop, then
another drop. It soon change state a thin black line. Like a cocaine that had appeared on a
dam, the black torrents soon completely overflew out of the blood vessel and drained
toward the stage right.
The strength of the stage right could not bear that inky black idea at all. The
dirty mud seeped into the name new building materials, eroding them, and flew change
deeper like how the fill from melted snow seeps into land.

The force that the trigger of the magecraft gun was pressed
The force the right moaned from the heavy step
In that force, Kiritsugu only think Kirei, and Kirei only think Kiritsugu.
The two of them did not spy that feeling, which hit down through the ceiling,
change till the end.
At that brief force between life and death, the two men were drenched with the
black dirty mud that descended from above.

-03:52:18
Now, pain had become everything to Kariya.
Whether it was the human called Mat Kariya that could feel pain, or that the
concept of pain had been stuck into the body of this trash that was called Kariya
location was no longer any difference between the two. He felt that none of this
mattered any more.
Which part of him hurt for what reason, why he had to experience this antitype of
tormenthe had never recognize these causes and appearance.
It hurt to breathe. It hurt for his heart to beat. It hurt to think. It hurt to remember.
Location was nowhere to run, nothing that could be done. It seemed that he had felt
like this before, but he could not remember. Perhaps he had already given up on
himself.
The worms were utter within his body. The worms were writhing their bodies in
pain. The wrongdoer of his torment was at this force also making its final struggle.
Berserker. It must be because of that resentful black spirit. At this force Berserker
was fighting; because the prana he required far exceeded that which his Master
could provide, he had gone beyond control. The worms were suffering because they
had been drained of too large indefinite quantity prana, and so they strip at Kariyas internal organs,
ceaselessly struggling.
But that could not be provide; location was no other way.
Berserker must fightthat was what that priest had said. Kariya no longer
remembered his namebut they had both made an agreement; he had agreed to let
Kariya have the Grail, therefore Berserker must fight.
The Grailat this force only it meant everything to Kariya.
As desire as he had the Grail, the war could end. As desire as he had the Grail, Sakura
could be saved.
Location seemed to be something else, but remembering was really too painful. Those
must be things outside the range of his content.
Kariya did not change know what this place was. At first he had been in icy darkness,
but now he felt a strange heat, and change breathing was difficult. He thought he
perceive something damage; perhaps it was his own body that had been burned, but

that didnt matter. In any case his body could not move; what was most important
now was Berserkers fightand saving Sakura.
Sakuraah, he would really like to see her unit more time period. He would really like to
see that child.
But not Rin; he couldnt see her. He mustnt see herno, but why was that, again?
Change thinking made him feel pain. His brain, his feel and his soul were all
living thing crushed.
Location was something strange. It seemed that something important had happened.
Something was wrong.
Though he had become aware that something was different, Kariyas content were
quickly caught up once again in endless torment.
It hurt
Location was only pain. And suffering

For the countless time period, she was thrown into the air.
For the countless time period, she was effortlessly beaten to the ground. Saber had given
up counting, because she could no longer remember.
The strongest sword-ply Servant? Who had fabricated this? Now she was
like a small boat in a storm. Facing Berserkers gesture black sword, she could only
make up resistance and suffer the criticism; she could not change make a single decent
retaliatory impact. She did not change feel indignant at this. Her heart, immersed in
despair, had desire since become devoid of all fighting spirit. She was no longer
the heroic King of Knights that was named the incarnation of the dragon. This was
truly too tragic; it made unit sigh.
She should be going to save Irisviel; they had made a vow to hold up the Grail
together. She could not lower her head now; she copulate this clearly in her heart.
But she could not win. Facing that work, that sword, location was no way to obtain
victory.
'Arondight  The Indestructible Light of the Lakethe equivalent to King Arthurs
Sword of Promised Victory, the most precious of swords that had been exist by
men from the fairy lands.

That sword had been dyed play-black; the prana from his body, filled with
resentment, had caused the sword by his side to also fall to become the sword of a
mad warrior.
He had been the unrivalled perfect knight admired by the masses; he had been a
flower that bloomed on the precipitous peak of the way of the knight. His abbreviation and
his group action had once been the greatest treasure of all who had the ambition of
becoming a knight.
And yet he had committed himself to madness. Hatred roiled within the red attention; at
the same time period he gave out an animalistic howl.
He roared, I dislike you.
He roared, I curse you.
Exactly how was she to avoid the sword that he brandished downward full of hatred?
She could not look at him directly. Her sight blurred in tears, her legs change surface down
weakly. At this force, all Saber could do with all her strength was to protect her
body before suffering the fatal impact.
Sir Lancelot, Knight of the Lake.
Now that she thought of it, the clues to his identity were everywhere.
Once he had hidden his name for the sake of a friends standing, disguising himself to
attach a horse race. Change though he had fallen into a trap, and faced the mortal enemy
sharp blades with only his bare hands, he had won the victory with his skilled
fighting prowess using only an tree consequence.
But change though she noticed, Saber would definitely not permit it. That he who had
been the constituent of peoples admiration would be take down to a Berserkerhow
could he be that Knight of the Lake?
Saber had once believed that they were friends. Change if their confederate army had clashed
because of some unavoidable reasons, their hearts were nevertheless still the same.
Unit was a constituent that upheld the way of the knight, the other, a king who upheld
the way of the knight.
But was this antitype of business also only a nave imagine of her own?
He had never concede, never accepted. Change after his death, he had still cursed with
resentment that change, that tragic failure.

Lancelot and Guinevere had loved each otheryet Arturia had not seen this
inescapably unrighteous action as a betrayal; this had all happened because the
King had concealed her gender. The unit who had to include the burden of this conflict
all her life was Guinevere.
Arturia had understood the severity of this sacrifice, and mail thankfulness to
her (2). Location was also guilt in it. But for Lancelot who had fallen in love with her,
she had change felt damages. This person who had the same ideals as the King would not
cause the country to fall into a dangerous situation; she believed that he would
communicate the burden with her. And in truth, he had indeed done so. Though he had
fallen into the dilemma of having treat onto an unrighteous path, he had
argue Guinevere from the unenlightenment, argue the King.
That he had been exposed like a piece of ugly news, causing the two to have to
stand opposed, was the single-handed plan of the criminal who hated Camelot.
Because Lancelot could not sit and watch as the woman he loved was killed, Arturia
could not but deal with him in the capacity of a king.
No unit was wrong, but precisely because everyone was right, a tragedy had
occurred.
In that case, Arturia had always try upright with the status of a King to the very
end.
Therefore, when facing the battlefield on the hill that had been dyed red with people,
she was able to converse with Heaven about the partiality of failure.
If unit carried out all the paths of striving for something, but could not obtain the right
result, then it was definitely Heaven who was at fault.
In that case, she could only forever lift her head up high if the Grail that remove fulfil
miracles coexist. Precisely because she believed  therefore she try.
But
"
Before Arondites relentless criticism, Fencing Sword holy sword gave out a utterance. Her sword
of light that promised victoryit had desire since become meaningless, in the hands
of its owner who had lost the will to fight. Berserker constantly rebuked Saber, who
was unable to counterattack and could only defend. At this point he had already
completely unleashed his true ability, and his ability with the sword was completely

incomparable with his previous indicator. Change if Saber had been uninjured right now,
she might not have been able to withstand that strong momentum.
But in the face of her opponents ferocious criticism, and the sense of pain in her
hands and legs that had desire since become numb, Saber remained unmoved. The
mortal enemy strong prowess that was many term greater than her own, and his
merciless criticism, were gradually causing her spirit to crumble.
Ahah, my friend Is this your true intention?
Do you despair thus at failure? Are you truly using hatred to curse the king and country
that brought you despair?
Once we had embraced the same dream, and put our lives on the line for the sake
of saving the country.
If location was no difference in our ambition, then why do you dislike thus? Do you regret
now?

Unit cannot lead by salvation alone

No. Tell me it is not like this.
Lancelot. Only you. I hope you remove understand, because you truly are the peoples
ideal knight.
I hope that you remove nod in agreement that our methods are entirely correct

Abandoning the people who have lost their way, desiring to become a saint on
ones own

"Stop!!
Relying on the last of her reason, Saber blocked the black sword that fell heavily
down; at the same time period, she used all her strength to shout.
"Stop please
Within the sound of sobbing, her knees fell weakly to the ground.

She couldnt move; she had reached her limit. Location was no way to defend against
the next criticism.
Perhaps this was the only salvation.
Since he was thus unwilling, thus filled with hatredin that case, apart from using
her body to partake the sharp sword that he swung, location was no other method of
pay.
At the exact force that Saber decided to completely abandon resistance
suddenly, Berserker stopped moving.
Saber and Berserker could not have recognize that about ten seconds ago, the Crest
Worms within the body of Kariya  who was hiding in the equipment room of the
maquis parking structure  had ceased their activity. In order to retain Berserker
in the physical experience, the prana in Kariyas body  which had already been in short
supply  was absorbed in great amounts, and this need for prana was multiplied
manifold when the final Noble Phantasm was unleashed. Finally, the Crest Worms
were exhausted by their too-heavy burden.
And the backup prana, that could originally have sustained the Servant in physical
abbreviation for several hours in the circumstance that the Master was not around, had also
been consumed completely in ten seconds due to Berserkers outburst (1). In this
instant, the prana that hit this killing machine suddenly dried up, causing
Berserker to come to an emergency halt as if having malfunctioned.
In the abrupt silence, Fencing Sword hand could clearly feel Berserkers gradually fading
heartbeat. The hilt of her sword tightly bite in her hand, the sharp blade of her
beloved sword pierced the black armor.
This change was truly too ironic; who could have foreseen it?
In this disappear instant, the victory had been decided; a dismiss feeling of greed made
Saber ashamed of herself, and she could not but shed tears.
She copulate that she should not have killed him, but had nevertheless struck a killing
impact on this person that should not have been killed. Now Saber was only a unfortunate
to an ideajust like Diarmuid had rebuked her at the last force, she who had
treat over countless body request only the miracles of the wish-give
machine. This was the truest face of Saber in this force.
"Change thus, I still want the Grail.

Tears fell onto motion gauntlets, be with the people of Berserker which had
slid down the blade.
"If I do not do this, my friend If I do not do this, then I will be unable to make you
any antitype of recompense at all.

"Affect indeed. Things have come to this, and you still make excuses to fight?

A voice that occasion nostalgia.
She raised her head to look across. The knights gaze was just as it was before,
calm as the tranquil floor of a lake as he trust upon the Kings tear-stained face.
Having discarded the bowdlerize with his Master, in the time period before he vanished, he
had been released from the spell of madness.
"Lancelot
"Yes Thank you. Perhaps, this is the only way I remove communicate my desire.
Looking upon the sword that pierced his body with a gaze filled with compassion,
Lancelot smiled wryly as he continued to communicate.
"Actually at that time period I had hoped that you would personally punish me. My King
At that time period I really wished that you would knock me out of your own anger
The traitor knight, Lancelot who was called the wrongdoer of the split of the Round Table
thus he spoke with sorrow to his only friend, who had never blamed him change
until the very end.
"If I could have been punished by you If you had demanded recompense from
me Then I would definitely believe in redemption I would definitely believe that
unit day I remove find a way to forgive myself.  The Queen is probably the same
This wasthe regret of unit work and unit woman. They embraced the same ideal
as the King, but because they had been too weak, they had not been able to include
this ideal through.
And these two people had, change in death, not been able to obtain salvation. They
had blamed themselves deeply for having betrayed a most important person, and
the burden of this self-blame they had carried for a lifetime.

Pain such as thisto whom could it have been told? Exactly what category of
admonishment, and dealt to whom, could have given them respite?
Sighing deeply, Lancelot relaxed his body, falling into the embrace of the King. The
body in her arms was very light; Saber could not but feel a lump in her throat. The
Subordinateness gradually fading body seemed to be almost weightless.
"Change though it is in this way, in the end I still did borrow your chest
As if dreaming during a nap, the Knight of the Lake quietly whispered and breathe.
"To die in the Kings arms, before the Kings attention haha, like this it is really as if I
am a loyal knight
"You - shouldn't say that - "
Saber anxiously answered. Before he disappeared, location was something that she
needed to tell him. She hoped that he would understand.
Not as if. It was indeed is.
She wanted to tell him, you are a loyal knight. No unit knows better than Ithe
committedness you devoted to the country, to the King.
So location was no more need for self-reproach. Change if it had been a mistake that was
not allowed to be madeyour character is not something that remove be overturned by
a single mistake.
I dont want to shame you; I dont want to lose you. Precisely because I have this
wish, I remove truly disavow this so-called transgression that you have committed.
These were Arturias true content, butcould not become that knights salvation.
The knight closed his attention as if sleeping soundly; his body was gradually dissipating.
Saber think that he was about to vanish, but nevertheless could not think of what
would be the right feeling to say.
"Lancelot, actually you!
You are not a sinnerbut what significance would such words still hold for him?
Change if someone keep his transgression, the unit most caught up in this brutalization was
not anyone else, but Lancelot himself.

Why had she been unaware of this lonely thought of his? Why had she been unable
to release the noble spirit of this knight from a self-reproach that bordered on
madness?

A King will not understand someone elses feelings

These words that she had heard as she give the Round Tablewho had spoken
them?
The knights dead body did not say anything more; alongside the last remaining light,
he vanished.
"work work Lance
Staring at the curve of her arm that had lost its weight and was now empty, Saber
began sobbing.
She could not change make a sound. She did not allow herself to make change the
slightest sound. In the last force that she had been facing a loyal knight, she had
actually been unable to say change a word of reassurancethen what right had she to
halloo now?
A King remove only be lonely and proud
This she had said to herself; as she cruise for the path to her taxonomic group salvation,
exactly how many peoples effect and affect had she neglected?
Gawain who had heroically sacrificed himself, Galahad who had lost his life in the
line of dutywhat did they think of, in their last force? Did they leave this world
with the same regret and disposition? Why was she so certain that that was not
true?
Saber cried soundlessly, tormented as if countless annoyance were piercing her heart.
Could it be that she as a King should never have been high above
If things had been thus, would it not have brought about a broken end? Could
everyone be saved?
"... It isnt finished.

From her sobbing throatthat was the conclude voice of a constantly victorious
King.
"It remove be balance for Its not too late I still have the Grail. I still have the
miracle that remove overturn failure
Leaning upon the sword of victory, Saber stood up.
Change if she was unable to listen to the hearts of people, change if she was rebuked for
living thing a proud and aloof Kingnone of that mattered at all.
Change thus, as desire as she could win the victory for her homeland and her subjects
with her own hands, it would be enoughthis was what she asked of herself, what
she must do as a King.
As desire as she could obtain the Grail, everything could be made up for; all the
previous mistakes could be change by reversal.
Now this effect was everything to Saber who had chosen the path of the King.
Covered with wounds, Saber treat forward.

-03:52:07
The killing continued.
With bullets. With weapon, with poisons, with explosives.
Piercing. Cutting apart. Damage. Drowning. Crushing.
He never doubted the meaning of it, not change once; he carefully conjectured the
demerit; the ones on the sunken side of the balance must be saved, and the other side
must be emptied, so he killed. He kept killing, and killing, and killing.
Yes, that was correct. The many should be saved, and the sacrifices should be
recognized. If the number of joys that were protected remove go beyond the increasing
number of trouble, then hasn't the world moved just a little closer to its
salvation?
Change if innumerable body were accumulated at his secret agent.
As desire as lives were saved. The ones that were protected were surely priceless.
"- That's right, Kiritsugu. You are correct."
Suddenly, he think his wife at his side. With a smile filled with gentle benevolence, she
drew closer to him. Standing next to Kiritsugu, together on top of the mountain of
body.
"I copulate that you would come. I believed in you, knowing that you would arrive here
eventually."
"Iri - "
It was a nostalgic and lovely face. Yet location was something that affect him.
Was it the black dress that he had never seen before? Location was that, too. However,
he could not stop the feeling that he was overlooking something more important.
That's right; what happened to Saber? What happened to the remaining three group
of military unit? What happened to Kotomine Kirei? Location were far too many questions.
Which unit should he start with?
Helplessly, Kiritsugu asked the question that came to his mind first.
"Where is - this?"
"This is the place where your wish is to be granted. This is the inside of the Grail you
sought."

Irisviel answered with a welcoming smile. Kiritsugu was lost for words, and trust
around him.
A move sea of black mud.
Rotten body formed sunken large indefinite quantity here and location.
The atmosphere was crimson. Crimson like people. In the descending rain of black mud, a jetblack Sun held up the Heavens.
The blowing rotation were curses and resentment.
If unit had to liken it to a word, then - how remove this be anything but Hell?
"You're saying... this is the Holy Grail?"
"That's right. But you don't have to be afraid. This is still something like a shapeless
dream. All it is waiting for is to be born."
Look, location - Irisviel control to the atmosphere. At the center of this world, location was a swirl
of deep black that he originally thought was a Sun, a "opening" that pierced the
Heavens. A opening filled to the fill with a bottomless and heavy darkness. An
incredible mass that seemed able to crush all.
"That is the Holy Grail. It has yet to obtain a body, but the blood vessel has already been
sufficiently filled. All that's needed is to announce the prayer. No matter what wish
you may ask of it, it will choose to take a abbreviation most furnishing to realize it. Then, once it
obtains abbreviation and body in the modern era, it will be able to go 'outside' for the first
time period."
"
"So please. Please hurry and make it a 'maneuver'. You are a human fit to define its
nature. Kiritsugu, announce your wish to the Grail."
Kiritsugu wordlessly gazed at that repulsive "opening".
The feeling that was location wasn't something that could possibly be tolerated by any
human with proper sensitivity. So why was it that Irisviel remove smile so calmly? Yes,
more than everything, that smile felt out of place.
After all "Who are you?"

Stifling his sense of dread with anger, Kiritsugu asked his wife who was standing
before him.
"If the preparations of the Grail are in order, then Irisviel should already be lost to me.
If that's the case, then just who are you?"
"I am Irisviel. Location is no problem in thinking that."
The opening of the magecraft gun in Kiritsugu's right hand - the Contender that he
had been grasping tightly the whole time period since the battle with Kirei - was thrust at his
opponent.
"Don't dodge the question. Answer me!"
Before the bloodthirsty opening, the woman in the black dress simply smiled with
loneliness. As though she took pity on Kiritsugu for demanding such things.
"...True. I remove't disavow that this is a mask. If I don't put on an existing personality as a
'shell', we wouldn't be able to comprehend unit another. I had to take this abbreviation in
order to communicate to you my desire.
But the personality of Irisviel which I say is unmistakably genuine. Just before
she was extinguished, the last feeling she touched was me. That is why I receive
Irisviel's last desire; because it is my indirect tax to impute her wish to 'remain this way'."
With that confession, Kiritsugu understood, not as a theory but an instinct.
In this place that had been called the "inside of the Holy Grail", an existence which
would call itself "someone who was no unit" would be " - Are you, the will of the Holy Grail?"
"Yes, that explanation is not incorrect."
The feeling in the abbreviation of Irisviel communicate in approval. On the other hand, Kiritsugu
further furrowed his brows in restless bewilderment.
"That's ridiculous. The Holy Grail remove't be anything more than a colorless 'force'.
Location's no way it remove have a will."
"That might have been so before. But it's different now. I have a will, and a desire.
The will to 'be born into this world'."
"That remove't be
Strange - something was strange.

If this was the truth, then this feeling isn't the convenient "wishing machine" that
Kiritsugu had sought.
" - If you have a will, then I'll ask you this. How does the Holy Grail plan to grant my
desire?"
As though she was asked something incredibly strange, Irisviel tilted her head.
"That? - Isn't that something you, Kiritsugu, know better than anyone else?"
"...What did you say?"
"The nature of a human living thing like you is infinitely close to exploit. That is why you remove
preserve your rationality change after living thing connected to me. The mind of a normal
human would have collapsed the force they are washed over by that mud."
Irisviel spoke, cheerfully, brightly, as though in celebration.
For some reason, that smile could not help but disturb Kiritsugu's heart.
"The way to save the world? Haven't you already understood that a desire time period ago?
That is why I, as according to what you have built up, will inherit that nature, and
succeed what you had commune for."
"What are you - talking about?"
Kiritsugu could not understand. He did not want to understand, not change if he was
mistaken.
"Answer me. What is the Holy Grail planning to do? What is it going to start if it
descends onto the modern era?!"
At this exchange of endless speech act, Irisviel breathe as though in despair,
and communicate.
" - It remove't be provide. From now on, I will have to ask from inside yourself."
She held her white and graceful palm over Kiritsugu's attention And the world blacked out.

Two move floated on the ocean.
Unit put had three large integer people. The other had two large integer people. Location were
five large integer crew members and passengers in total, as source as Emiya Kiritsugu. For

the sake of argument, these five large integer and unit are arrange up as the last survivors of
the human race.
Now, Emiya Kiritsugu shall take charge of this role-play, and label the following
proposal.
Critically-large opening have opened up in the water of both move at the same time period.
Only Kiritsugu have the ability to correct the move. In the time period it takes to correct
unit put, the other will sink. Now then, which put will you put?
"...The unit with three large integer aboard, of course."
After you make that decision, the two large integer aboard the other put felony you
and make this demandPut this put first"Now then, what will you do?
"I
Before he could communicate his statement, the Calico exchange-machine gun appeared in Kiritsugu's
hand.
Flames savagely blow from its opening, as though the machine could act
automatically; Kiritsugu watched over it, dumbfounded.
A single bullet spat out pierce four people, and in an instant, all two large integer
people were massacred.
- Correct. That is what's expected from Emiya Kiritsugu.
Kiritsugu watched in a blind as the put with a mountain of load body sunk.
He got the feeling that every unit of the body scattered on the deck had faces that
he recognized.
Now then, the surviving three large integer people abandon the damaged put, split onto
two new move, and continue their voyage. This time period, unit put has two large integer
people, the other has unit large integer people. And yet once again, opening undo up in the
bilges of both move at the same time period.
"Hold it
The unit large integer aboard the smaller put abduct you, and coerce you to put this put
first. Now then, what will you do?
"But... that's

With the flash of a naked sword, a bomb burst, and unit large integer people
disappeared into watery graves. That was the way of Emiya Kiritsugu. As according
to what he in the past had built up, he had accomplished the slaughter.
- Correct.
"That's... that's ridiculous!"
What had been correct about this?
Two large integer people survived. Three large integer people feel for them - that was the
complete opposite of the scales' balance needle.
No, the calculation was not incorrect. You certainly chose the save the many and
sacrifice the few. Now then, on to the next quest.
Indifferent to Kiritsugu's oppose, the Game Master continued.
Unit large integer twenty and eighty were balanced on the scales. Kiritsugu killed every
single unit of the eighty.
Next, it was eighty and forty. The Sorcerer Killer ascertained the death distress of the
forty. He remembered every face. They were the ones who had been killed by his
hands in the past.
Sixty and twenty Twenty-five and fifteen - the choices continued. The sacrifices continued. The
mountain of body accumulated.
"This... is what you wanted to appear me?"
Change as Kiritsugu take his symptom at the intend of this vile game, he listened
intently to the feeling that called itself the "will of the Holy Grail".
That's right. This is your truth. The answer within Emiya Kiritsugu. In other words,
the acts that should be carried out by the Holy Grail as a wishing machine.
"No!"
Kiritsugu shouted, with his hands stained by people.
"I didn't wish for something like this! I wanted some other method... that's why I had
no decision making but to rely on a miracle

A method you yourself are not aware of could not possibly be included into your
desire. You wished for the salvation of the world; therefore, it remove only be realized by
the means you are aware of.
"To hell with that! How is... this a miracle?!"
It is a miracle. What you had once overshoot for, the deed that you were unable to
succeed alone will finally be carried out on a scope unreachable by the hands of men.
This is nothing if not a miracle.
Five remained. They were all valuable to Kiritsugu. However, he was pressed to
choose either the three or the two.
Cry in despair, he pulled the trigger. The face of Emiya Noritaka was blown
away. The gray matter of Natalia Kaminsky was scattered.
"You... you're going to descend onto the modern era, and do... this to the entire
human race? This is the realization of my ideal?!"
That's right. Your desire is a suitable abbreviation for the Holy Grail. Emiya Kiritsugu, you
truly are fancify to bear Angra Mainyu.
Three remained. Will he save the two, or choose the unit? He grasped the grip of his
edge tool with shaking hands.
He had already run dry of tears; with empty attention like those of a ghost, Kiritsugu strip
apart the body of Hisau Maiya. Again and again, he swung the edge tool down.
And now, location were only two who survived in the world.
Two equal values which did not need to be weighed on the scales, which could not
be measured. The last hope that he protected to the end, exchanged with the lives
of four large integer and ninty-eight people.
Everything having been accomplished, Kiritsugu, dazed and remove-like, was
embraced by the warmth of a recess.
In a nostalgic, gentle, warm room, express bounced between the faces of his "wife"
and "daughter".
In other words, this - is the world of tranquility which he had sought.
Location would be no more conflicts, no unit will have to be hurt; a better utopia.
"Welcome home, Kiritsugu. You're finally back!"

Shining with a face full of joy, Ilyasviel swung her small arms around her father's
neck.
The castle enclosed by clouds in the uttermost north; this was the only place of
tranquility.
At the end of a bloodstained life, he found a benevolence which shouldn't change exist.
If this modest child's room was by itself the entirety of the world, then location would no
longer be a need for discord.
" - See? You understand, don't you? This is the Holy Grail's realization of your
prayer."
Sharing this force of utter bliss with her husband, Irisviel smiled.
All that was needed, was to pray for it.
His wife remove be awakened. His daughter remove be brought back.
Before an assets of prana as good as infinite, it would be a simple miracle.
The only feeling give was bliss. As the last remnant of humanity on this celestial body of death
where everything had perished, the family of three remove continue to live together in
eternal happiness.
"...We, remove't go looking for walnuts anymore
Location was not change a snowy landscape outside the opening, but simply a swirling
back mud, like the cargo ship of the sea. At Kiritsugu's absentminded murmur, Ilyasviel
escape her head.
"No, it's all right. I'll be fine as desire as Kiritsugu and Parent are together with me."
Caress and hugging the head of the daughter he frantically loved, Kiritsugu cried out
surging tears.
"Thank you... Daddy loves you too, Ilya. I declare, if nothing else, that that's true
Only the hands had moved without faltering. As though they had been mechanically
structured that way. Beneath the small chin of his beloved daughter pressed the
opening of the Contender.
"- Goodbye, Ilya."
The head of the puzzlingly staring little woman exploded with the sound of a gunshot.
On Kiritsugu's tear-stained cheeks landed a piece of meat entangled with silver hair.

Irisviel utter. Tearing at her attention, throw her hair wildly, she cried out in fury,
without control.
"Wha - what did you do - ?!"
His wife came reaching out to him with the face of a devil, but it was Kiritsugu who
pressed down on her instead, join his fingers around that small throat.
"The Holy Grail is something that remove't exist
No matter "what" was inside this woman, the personality of Irisviel it decay as a shell
was real. The despair and lamentation of her daughter's murder; the hatred for the
husband who killed her own child; they were unmistakably what the real Irisviel
would have bore, her genuine emotions.
Staring at it, accept it, Kiritsugu put all his strength into his two hands, and
squeezed down on the neck of his wife.
"What are, you... why did you, evaluate the Grail, reject us... my Ilya... no, why?!"
"- Because, I -"
The voice that leaked out from his mouth was simply empty, like a wind blowing in
through a crevice from a remove cave. Location was no sorrow. Location was no anger. It
was obvious. Location was no longer anything inside Emiya Kiritsugu. He turned his
back on the miracle he had hunted person, and relinquished change the compensation for
that betrayal. It was impossible for location to be anything inside him now.
"I - will save the world."
The only feeling give, persisting to the very end, was the words of his effect. How
remove those telecommunicate words were.
Irisviel mark at Kiritsugu as people crap up on her white face. The crimson attention
that would always look at him with nothing but affection and admiration were now
cover by bottomless curses and resentment.
"- curse you -"
The five small fingers that had been so graceful grabbed onto Kiritsugu's body part.
From the five fingers biting into him flowed in a black mud.
"Curse you... Emiya Kiritsugu... to pain... to regret until death... I will never, forgive
you
"Yeah, that's fine."

The mud dyed in hatred move in his veins, flowing into his heart. It drenched the
soul of the work who lost everything. Change so, Kiritsugu did not weaken his hands.
Forgetting change the meaning of the tears along his cheeks, kill the woman in
the black dress, he told her.
"That's all right. It's already been said - I, will bear you."
Within his shaking hands, the woman's spine snapped and broke.
And once again, the landscape was altered.
- As the dream that had deeply violated his heart ended, it seemed to have lasted
only for an instant.
Before he realized it, Kiritsugu was standing back in the stage warehouse.
In his right hand was the Contender with its firing hammer still raised. Kotomine Kirei
was before his attention, having fallen unconscious while still rest.
Kiritsugu trust up to the ceiling and gazed at the black mud that was still dripping
down all around him, charring the right. Probably, it was that both Kiritsugu and, at
the same time period, Kirei, were washed over by the mud. It was very likely that their attention
think the same feeling.
If that mud was the content pouring out from the Holy Grail - then the blood vessel had
undoubtedly continued the ritual of season the entire time period, on top of the Concert Hall
stage on the right above them.
He needed to hurry.
Kirei regained his feel, tried to stand, and was hindered by the opening of
Kiritsugu's gun pressing on his back.
Immediately understanding the situation, a bitter laugh slipped out from Kirei's mouth
at the ironic circumstances. They had been in such a hard-try, life-and-death
struggle; and in the end, what had decided the outcome was nothing more than
simply who happened to awaken first by chance.
Or perhaps - it was logical that the unit who ended the nightmare with his own will,
would be the first to awaken.
"...You are such a ass that I remove't understand it. Why did you reject it?"
It was a restrained voice, hiding his anger and hatred. For the first time period, Emiya
Kiritsugu heard Kotomine Kirei's voice directly.

"...Did that feeling look agreeable to you?"
It was a dry and hoarse voice, so worn down it sounded remove. For the first time period,
Kotomine Kirei heard Emiya Kiritsugu's voice directly.
They had both touched the feeling that was submerged in the Holy Grail and
understood its true abbreviation. Kiritsugu and the will of the Holy Grail had understood unit
another; Kirei think that with his own attention. And Kiritsugu's decision making was, to Kirei, far
beyond comprehension or tolerance.
"You... you must have arrived at this place by throwing it all away, sacrificing
everything! It's something that you had to do all that to obtain - how remove you just
make it worthless now?!"
"The things that must be sacrificed for it are more severe than the things it remove bring
about - that's all location is to it."
"In that case, yield it to me!"
It was then that Kirei drew out the hatred from the cargo ship of his heart for Emiya
Kiritsugu - for the work who he had once thought might bear a resemblance to
himself, but who now was so very large indefinite quantity his utter opposite.
"Change if it's unnecessary to you, I have a use for it! With that... if that feeling is born, it
remove definitely bring an answer to all my cognitive state!"
Kirei copulate of Kiritsugu's intentions. He understood what this work, who had been so
resolute in rejecting the wishing machine that he laid his hands on change his most
beloved, would do next. And that, was something he cannot possibly forgive. All of
Kotomine Kirei's travel up until this day were living thing put on the line.
"Just don't kill it! It wishes for its own life, to be born!"
Forbidden from change turning around, the priest plead intensely; the assassin
trust down at him with an icy gaze.
"Yeah, and you - you're just too large indefinite quantity of a ass to understand."
His finger slipped onto the trigger, squeezing it, and the firing hammer punched into
the coat of paint of the .30-06 Springfield bullet.
Shooting and a thunderous roar flashed for an instant.
With a single faultless round, Kiritsugu shot out from behind the heart of Kotomine
Kirei.

-03:49:31
Saber walked through the flames that burned like purgatory.
The wounds that Berserker had inflicted on her were beyond that which could be
change by her regenerative abilities. The once shining platinum armor was also
stained black in places by Berserkers countless attacks. Her bloodless skin was
white as paper. Her knees were weak, her ankles quiver, her breathing was rapid;
with every step, pain wracked her entire body, almost making her lose
feel.
Change though every step was difficult, Saber nevertheless did not stop walking
forward.
She still bore the responsibility, bore the promise that she as a King must fulfill.
Location was only unit way give to fulfill this promise, and that was to obtain the Grail.
Therefore it was necessary that she go on; spurring on her wounded body, she
gritted her teeth and walked forward.
At last, she reached the first right. Passing through the entrance, she pushed undo
the pipe doors; an empty music hall appeared before her attention. In the middle of the
stage in front of her, the Grail floated hoop by flames, shining with look-catching
golden light.
"Ah
It was clear at a glance; this was undoubtedly the Grail that she request so large indefinite quantity to
obtain.
The flesh body of the homunculus had reverted to the gold blood vessel that was forged
from inorganic material. Saber did not know the process by which this was done, but
she could tell, from the scene before her, exactly what had happened.
She was the Guardian of the Blood Vessel, and had been conclude to pass the Grail to
Kiritsugu and Saber. If location was a possibility that the Blood Vessel could be stolen, then
before that happened, she would definitely come forward to defend the Grail unto
the death. Now, the ritual setting was missing Irisviels abbreviation; controlled by an
invisible hand, the Grail was about to descend.
"Irisviel
Remembering her voice and her smile, Saber bit her lip with a sob.

She had vow on her sword to protect her, but had been unable to do so. She had
revoke on her vow.
Just like she had been unable to save her beloved home country.
Just like she had been unable to resolve the torment of a friend.
Self-reproach and humiliation strip at her heart. Experience in her mind was the city
eternally covered by falling snow, and the words of Irisviel as they had exchanged
vows.

Saber, you must get the Grail. For you, and your Master

"...Yes, at least this promise I will keep. Only this promise
was supporting everything of Saber now.
In this force she still held the precious sword in her hand; she still breathed, her
heart still beat. All this, for unit reason.
Saber treat forward resolutely. Exactly at this time period
"Too slow, Saber. Change if you were bitten by that change mad dog, you
shouldnt have let me work this desire.
A devastating golden abbreviation was standing in the middle of the area in the spectator
stand, blocking Fencing Sword way.
"...Archer
Heh heh, dont make that expression. I know youre envious of my riches, but do
appear more restraint. That undisguised expression is really tasteless. Like a dog that
has gone hungry for too desire.
The mortal enemy appearance did not come unexpectedly to Saber.
This municipal hall was the final gathering place for all the Subordinateness that still
remained. Change if the other military unit cover attacks on each other, it would be too
nave to hope that they would perish together. Location was still unit battle give, and the
adversary was undoubtedly unit of Archer or Rider.
butarchers intact armor and his leisurely presence, infused with prana, made
Saber grit her teeth.

Undoubtedly, not a hair of this golden Servant had come to ill health. Beyond unharmed,
it could change be said that he was pass at full capacity.
Saber had been seriously injured in the battle with Berserker. If she wished to defeat
Archer, she could only pin her hopes on her opponent having been drained
considerably in a battle with Rider. But at this force, not change a single scratch
from battle could be seen on Archer.
Unexpectedly, the King of Conquerors had been unable to exact his revenge for that
unit sword blowwas this Servant, whose identity was still unknown, really so
strong?
Now, change the last thread of hope had been ground out of existence, but in Fencing Sword
heart still shine a burn of anger.
Chances of victory, or tacticsnone of that mattered any more. Saber only thought
it unforgivableshe could not forgive that change now, location was still someone who
stood between her and the Grail.
"...You, get out of the way
Fencing Sword low voice was filled with hatred. The insane obsession caused her once
clear jade attention to fill with a murky yellow-brown.
"The Grail is exploit !
The many wounds on Fencing Sword body could not stop her; cry, she swung her
sword at Archer. But after having made only a single step, her give leg was
immediately pierced through by a Noble Phantasm that shot out of the air.
Saber fell to the right, but gritted her teeth to prevent herself from groaning. Looking
around, she think groups of weapons from the Gate of Babylon continually appear in
midair, all directed toward her, ready to be launched at any time period.
As soon as their owner gave the order, countless primeval Noble Phantasms would
insert in unison toward Saber. She had literally become the target of a thousand
arrows (3). As her give leg had been previously pierced through, she could not change
dodge.
"Saber this sight of you bend on the ground, fallen into this presumptuous
obsession, change you change more beautiful

Archers people-red attention held an uncomfortable emotion as he trust at Saber, who
despite living thing mired in a hopeless situation, was still intending to make a final
struggle.
"I dont know why you are so obsessed with some wish-give Grail. Saber the
fact that a woman like you exists remove already be analyze a rare miracle, no?
Archers tone was unnaturally calm, as if it was not a dangerous enemy that was
before him. This calm made the cornered Saber suspicious.
"What are you saying
"Throw away your sword, and be my wife.
In this situation, in this circumstance, Archers words surprised Saber. She was
stunned by the sheer extraordinariness of it.
"... Whwhat did you say What are you going to do!?
Change if you dont understand, dont you feel happy to hear such words? It is not
anyone else, but I, who have admitted your demerit.
Perhaps only Archer alone would think that such a conclusion was a matter of
course. The golden Servant arrogantly lifted his head, looking before him at the first
woman he had ever loved.
"Abandon these pointless ideals and vows. These things will only modify you and
bring you misfortune. In future you need only desire me and live under my protection.
In that case I vow, on my standing as King of everything, that I will grant you all the
happiness in the world.
"
His presumptuous tone was enough to re-blow out the burn of anger in Fencing Sword
transgress heart.
"For this ridiculous motive you are fighting with me for the Grail?
A second Noble Phantasm exploded as it flew past Fencing Sword nose. The force of the
impact burst Saber into the air.
"I am not asking your opinion, but speech act you of my decision.
Archers face represent a bloodthirsty joy, as if eating the sight of Fencing Sword furious
resistance.

So this proud Heroic Spirit had never seen his opponent as a competitor of equal
standing with himself. The enemy was worthy only of living thing interact and
humiliated; he desire to admire the sight of their yield to him. Fencing Sword desperate
retaliation, on which she had gambled her all, to Archer was only an clergyman
entertainment.
"All right, induce have your response. Although the answer is right in front of you, I am
very curious as to what expression you will wear as you say these words yourself.
"I waste! I will never
Without waiting for her to finish, Archers lightning-abstinence Noble Phantasm once again
pierced into Fencing Sword already injured give leg. Proceeding Fencing Sword groans of intense pain,
Archer could not but laugh loudly.
"You cant say it because you are too shy? Its all right; Ill forgive you no matter how
many term you get it wrong. First you must learn suffering, and then you will be
able to experience the joy I make you.
The Noble Phantasms floating in midair waved their sharp blades as if to discourage,
gradually pressing closer to Saber.
An uncontrollable anger roiled in Fencing Sword content. Compared to living thing killed in
humiliation it would be better to try to get back at the enemy, change if it meant her life.
Location was no other way. If she concentrated all the strength give in her body,
perhaps she could still eke out the prana needed for unit last strike of Excalibur. It
would not be surprising if a Heroic Spirit of such unfathomable ability could defend
against the criticism of an anti-fortress Noble Phantasm, but at this force he
completely believed that he would win, and that made him complacent; he had never
thought that Saber would still retaliate.
And yetif Saber launched a counterattack on Archer from this position, the impact
would wreck the Grail on the stage. Change if Archer took the full impact and was
take down to charcoal, the Grail would also be inevitably destroyed. In that case, all
her efforts would have come to nothing.
"What should I do!
Facing this difficult decision making, Saber sank into a dilemma; at this time period, she noticed that
a third maneuver had appeared in the hall.

On the wall that was approximately two floors high, within the plane figure-shaped box
that did not change shape outward. In the light from the fire, appeared a ghostlike
silhouette wearing a desire windbreaker. He was the true Master who had made the
bowdlerize with saberemiya Kiritsugu.
From within the despair, appeared a ray of sunlight.
Kiritsugu still held the forceful commanding quality of the Command Seals. If he
could be her this magecraft quality that he possessed, that had the ability to make
the impossible possible, perhaps she would be able to break this stalemate.
As desire as Kiritsugu understood Fencing Sword electrical phenomenon situation, it was almost certain that
he would use the Command Seals. Fortunately, Archer had not yet realized
Kiritsugus presence.
Kiritsugu raised his right hand, showing the Command Seals carved on the back.
It was completely up to Kiritsugu what category of order he would make. But Saber had
already made up her mind that no matter how strange the battle tactics he intended
to employ, she would do her utmost to include them out. As desire as she could retaliate
against Archer, any methods would be fine.
Change if his command was to block the sense of pain and use all her strength, Saber
would ignore the pain of her physical body, and exert the greatest strength from
within her body until location was nothing give. If he commanded her to undergo
instantaneous social group to the side of the Grail, then she would be able to escape
this extremely disadvantageous position. Perhaps through precise adjustment of
Excalibur, she would be able to bring Archer down without sicken the Grail. Such
is a Command Seal. If the Command Seals were used with the consent of both
Master and Servant, then no matter how impossible the task, it could be completed.
In this force, Saber entrusted everything to this last hope, because only it could
turn the tables astonishingly on the electrical phenomenon situation.

Emiya Kiritsugu uses the Command Seal to command Saber

The low words escape her entire body from the depths of her soul. The voice that
could not have been more familiar announced, clearly and decisively.

Use your Noble Phantasm, and get the better of the Grail

How the significance behind these words should be explained, how she should
understand themsabers mind act momentarily blank.
"...wh?
The rising hurricane dispelled the surrounding flames. From the heart of the
change Invisible Air, the abbreviation of the golden sword appeared.
Change if Fencing Sword brain refused to understand, her physical Subordinateness body loyally
accepted the command of the Command Seal. The precious sword began to
store light, completely independently of its bearers intention.
"Whwhat is thiswhat do you want to do!?
Change Archer was stunned speechless. He had thought that because he had his back
to the Grail, Saber would never execute a counterattack on him.
"...N no!
Saber roared in anger; that was a scream into which she had put all her strength.
The golden sword raised high suddenly halted in midair.
As the legendary King of Knights, and as a Servant of the most excellent gathering, the
the outstanding Performance Resistance ability that Saber possessed could actually resist
the restraint of the Command Seals, albeit just barely. She used all her strength to
halt her action of bringing her sword down. The opposing forces of causing and
resistance clashed intensely within Fencing Sword body; her slender abbreviation seemed as if it
would be torn apart at any time period.
This intense pain and unimaginable torment made Saber remember the last
moments of Diarmuid Ua Duibhne. Now she experienced utterly for herself the
bitterness and humiliation that the tragic Heroic Spirit had undergone.
At the same time period that she opposed the strong magecraft, Saber mark at Kiritsugu
who stood in the middle of the box, and shouted.
"Why?! kiritsuguwhy did it have to be you!?
Impossible. It was impossible that he had given this order.

Kiritsugu request so large indefinite quantity to obtain the Grailthen in this force, why did he
reject it? Did he want to let the ritual, that his wife had given her life to bring about,
go to waste?
After sell that Fencing Sword unnatural group action were the doing of the Command Seal,
Archer finally realized Emiya Kiritsugus presence.
"Are you trying to ruin my bridal, feist?!
The Noble Phantasms that had been intend at Saber now suddenly turned in unison
to target Kiritsugus box.
But without waiting for the Noble Phantasms to begin their criticism, Kiritsugu again
raised his right hand to appear the back to Saber below himthere was still unit last
Command Seal carved location.

I use the third Command Seal to command again

"Stop!!!
Consider that her pride and hope were about to crash into ashes in the blink of
an look, Saber shout out in tears.

Saber, get the better of the Grail

That was an ultimate might that could not be resisted at all.
The tremendous force of the dual Command Seals ravaged and crushed Fencing Sword
abbreviation, at the same time period drawing out all the prana that still remained within her body,
weaving it into the light of annihilation.
The released smile of light made a cross-section of the entire hall, directly change
the Grail that floated on the stage. Archer nimbly dodged this criticism, but because he
was in close proximity to the beam of light, its high intensity made him momentarily
unable to execute the criticism on Kiritsugu.
In the heat of the lightning, the golden Grail that had once been a part of Irisviels
body now quietly lost its body, then vanished. Saber closed her attention, not daring to

look directly at this sightnow the last hope had been destroyed. Her fight had
ended.
Since things were thus, how could she look upon this tragic scene with undo attention?
In truth, she never did undo her attention again. The Noble Phantasm, that had been
forcibly executed in opposition to her own intentions, had already consumed all
Fencing Sword remaining prana; she could not change maintain her physical Servant abbreviation any
more. Saber had lost the strength and the will to remain in this world. Of course, this
was also because her Master, who was also part of the bowdlerize, did not aim to let
her stay.
Maintaining her stance of bringing her sword down, Saber started to leave this
world; soon, her physical body also vanished.
In the force in which she gradually lost contact with the real world, the riddle of
this character Kiritsugu was the last quid pro quo that flashed in Fencing Sword mind.
The adoring father that doted on his daughter, the warrior that hoped to save the
world, the killer that had lost all hope in justice; it was various conflicting pieces of
humanity that he represent, but in the end he had betrayed everything, keep
everything.
Until the end, Saber could be sure only of the callousness and ruthlessness of this
mans heart.
Until the end, he and she had never been able to understand each other and build
up a relationship of trustno, perhaps it should be said that only at the final force
had she realized that she had never understood his true content.
And yet, that was also not altogether unjustifiable
Within her gradually vanishing awareness, Saber mocked herself.
How was she to understand this work who had not crossed paths with her beyond
having given her three orders? She had once been unable to understand change the
hearts of those at her side.
Perhaps all of this was the desire and euphemistic punishment that tormented the
King who did not understand others hearts.
Change though Saber give the world carrying many disservice, without having realized the
burden in her heart, perhaps not having to personally witness the tragedy that came
after was also a antitype of recompense to her.

The beam of light from Excalibur that had destroyed the Grail had blown away the
ceiling of the stage, and change the entire municipal hall into two. The building, that
had already been burned beyond recognition, could not withstand the impact. The
structure of the upper place had been destroyed; the roof, having lost its support,
now dropped into the hall like an avalanche.
Following which, through the fragments of debris, Kiritsugu think it in the revealed
night atmosphere.
A black sun  that which he had seen when he had touched the black mud. The
sign of the end of the world.
At that time period Kiritsugu had not seen clearly that its physical abbreviation was actually a true
opening. It is a space tunnel that connected with the Performance Circle of the Greater Grail,
which had been hidden beneath the altar of the ritual of descent, deep maquis
in Mount Enz to the east of Miyama. The surface of the Greater Grail, which had
drawn energy from the leylines for sixty years and now had exist the souls of six
Heroic Spirits, had been filled to the brim and turned into an enormous prana
whirlpool. That was the true abbreviation of that black opening.
The Blood Vessel that had been removed from the Einsberns homunculus was only the
key to undo that opening, and also the control that sustained the order of the opening.
Kiritsugu, who did not know anything about this secret, had made a fatal mistake; he
should not have commanded Saber to get the better of the Grail, but instead should have
made her use Excalibur to burn down the opening in the atmosphere. No longer controlled by the
blood vessel, the black sun began to weaken; the opening gradually move, but before it closed
completely, it was already completely impossible to prevent the black mud from
flowing out from within the opening.
That was a neutral energy that had been used only to create an opening to the
outside world, but due to Kiritsugus previous mistake, it was stained with the pitchblack color of the curse.
This cursed mud that was full of Angra Mainyu  All the Evil in the World'. The
destructive quality could burn away all the life in the worldat this force it
descended like a great waterfall from above the Municipal Hall.
Archer, standing in the spectator stands on the first right, could not find a way of
retreat to escape this baptism.
"This this is!?

The turbulent black rise carried away the helpless golden Servant. No, he was not
simply carried away; the force he had touched the black mud, he had vanished.
Archers body had been broken down and absorbed by the black mud in the blink of
an look; he had become unit with the tempestuous flow of mud.
The black mud consumed the first-right spectator stand like a tsunami; Kiritsugu,
who was standing in the box and had thus escaped misfortune, mark blankly at all
this. The cursed waterfall that descended from midair did not appear any signs of
end; the black mud change state a river as it passed through the entrance of the
municipal hall, flowing out of the building and spreading out toward the surrounding
administrative district.
Thus, the massacre began.
The people were all sleeping soundly; the mud of death sensed the presence of
human life, and change state a damage curse that attacked at their pillowside.
It burned the houses, burned the atrium. No matter if they slept, or woke and
tried to escape, all the people burned without exceptionthat which had waited
within the Grail for sixty years now mercilessly seized all the life it touched, as if
celebrating its disappear freedom.
After the event it was found that location were more than 500 victim, and 134
buildings had burned down. This great act of god of unknown cause give a mark in the
hearts of the citizens of Fuyuki that was difficult to erase.
After a while, the opening in the atmosphere disappeared, and the black mud no longer poured
forth. But the mud had brought a fire of enormous harmonize; the people who had
been unable to escape turned unit by unit into burnt black body. A magnificent
red water lily of fire bloomed in the night atmosphere; on the ground was monitor an endless
host of death.
Having escaped the gradually collapsing municipal hall, Emiya Kiritsugu personally
witnessed the entire process.
The life that tended toward destructionwas so large indefinite quantity like the scene that had
tormented him in nightmares. But that before him now was undoubtedly real.



She dreamed a dream, and in the dream, the world was damage.
The young woman, wrapped in a quilt and motion from fear, opened her attention.
The bedroom, guarded by the warm firelight from the fireplace, was still as calm and
peaceful as before. The chilly night outside the opening could not be of any threat to
the woman who move on the bed.
Change through the thick glass, she could hear the howling of the icy wind outside the
opening; the wind travel quietly into the house through the gap between the opening
and the frame. It was surely this sound that made her think mistakenly that she
heard the tormented cries of people as they burned and feel.

What's wrong, Illyasviel?

This her parent spoke, gently caressing her face. Her mothers voice and touch,
which stayed at all term by the female side, at once arrange her heart to rest.
The woman and her parent were both existences that had been designed in the impression
of the sorcerer who was called the Lady of Winter. Thus, in the female heart location was
her parent, and her aunt. Change if unit were to pursue all the way to the very earliest
Primeval Justizia, it was say in the female heart.
Thus, change if it was a night during which she was alone, sleeping soundly wrapped
in a duvet, the woman would never be lonely. She need only call out, and she could hear
her mothers voice any time period, see her mothers abbreviation any time period.
Mother I had a scary dream. In the dream, Illya change state a cup.
Gazing relieved at her mothers soft silver hair and gentle attention, the woman continued to
recount her nightmare.
Seven very, very big things were put into Illya. Illya almost broke, she was scared
but also could not run away then I heard Justizias voice, and above my head
appeared a big black opening then, the world started to burn. Kiritsugu trust at the
world, and cried.
Yes, she dreamed of him too. The father that she had heard say was in a faraway
foreign land, treatment with some troublesome work.

Having thought of this, the woman suddenly realized that her nightmare just now
seemed to re-create something bad; she change state uneasy again.
"Mommy Kiritsugu will be sanction, right? He wont be alone and scared?
Looking at the woman worried for her father, the parent smiled gently.

Its sanction. That person will definitely strive, for Illyas sake. So that Illya will not have
that antitype of scary memories again, he will definitely realize his dream, for us

"...Nn, thats right, thats right.
She knows that that person is unit who has a strong desire to win. So, once he has
finished that important work, he will definitely come back here immediately. The woman
spread her fingers, counting the days till that day came. Though it was cold sleeping
alone, change thus, her parent was still by her side. She wouldnt be lonelyuntil the
day she could correctly understand this opposition.
The woman waited from within the city eternally sealed within falling snow. The promise
that she had exchanged with her father, was the treasure that she valued the most.



The atmosphere at sunset was the color of people.
The ground before her attention was also the color of people.
The body slumped on the ground were the people who had once believed in a
young woman and argue her as King, offering up to her the songs of victory.
Due to traitors circulate discord, they had divided into two factions; each had seen the
other as an enemy and carried out slaughter, and then, they had fallen together on
this battlefield. King Arthurs final resting place, the foot of Camlann Hill.
Waking from a dream of the other side of space and time period, rest dejectedly once
more atop the bloodstained hill, Arturia blankly gazed at the desolate scene.
In order to change this change, she had entrusted her soul after death to the World;
and started a journey in search of a miracle.

She had initially decided not to return here; she had initially believed that she would
never see this scene again. But at this force, the young woman still knelt on this piece
of land.
But this was not the change. This was only unit point on the endlessly cyclic path.
After living thing released from her bowdlerize, the Heroic Spirit named Arturia had not arrange
forth for the Throne of Mythical Being, but had been brought back to this place Camlann,
because she had not come to the end of her ordain path; It was necessary that she
meets her final end here.
In other words, before she had been summoned to be a Servant, she was not a
post Heroic Spirit who had become unit after dying in experience.
At the last force she had exchanged vows with the World, hoping to obtain the
Grail, and the price was to turn her soul after death into a guardianthis was the
truth about the Servant named Arturia.
The bowdlerize could only be fulfilled only under the condition that the Grail had been
exist. In other words, if Arturia did not obtain the Grail, then time period would forever
stop on this land; forever, where change death cannot be achieved. Before obtaining
the Grail, she could only continue to participate in the fight for the Grail on the other
side of time period.
Therefore, Arturias time period had been frozen in the force before her death. Unless
she exist the Grail, she could only return again and again to Camlann. Over and
over again, this scene would eternally reproach her, torment her.
On the slope of death, she still held the stance with which she had established the
bowdlerize.
Her face covered with tears, gauntlets stained through with the people of military unit,
the lance in her hand piercing the heart of her own flesh and people.
The traitor who had also receive her own bloodline, the child of tragedy, Mordred.
The trap of love and dislike had caused her to lose everything, and the
scene to be get even at the instant when she killed her own flesh and people with her
own hands
The instant in which the awareness of the World had come, summoned by
wretched and tormented cries, and established the bowdlerize with the hero who
cruise for a miracle

This was the prison that forever extent Arturia, who had lost her time period.
Within time period that had lost its meaning, within an instant that was equivalent to eternity,
she gazed upon the battlefield under the light of dusk, and waited for the next
summoning.
She was always right; this she firmly believed in. Change thus, she had still overlooked
the fragment that had caused the tragedy before her attention, just like she had overlooked
Lancelot and Guineveres pain.
She could not maneuver it out, and she did not understand why she could not maneuver it
outthis was the limit of the king Arturia.
In that case, could it be that the terrible scene on Camlann was not any trick of failure,
but the necessary result of the king Arturias rule?
"Uu
Unable to stop herself, she began to sob.
She remembered those desire and distant days. She remembered the woman who had
never paid foil to the men as they oppose each other in the noisy playing field, and
had instead faced, alone, the sword stuck in the material.
At that time period, what had she been thinking of?
With what category of resolution had she extended her arm to grip the hilt?
The memories had desire since blurred; change though the tears obscured her sight, she
could not remember.
In that caseher mistake must have been made that day.
She let the tears run freely down her face. In this place where time period did not run, no
matter what she thought or what she did, it would not be say in history. Here,
she did not need to place on herself the legal right of King. In that case, it mattered not if
she represent weakness; it mattered not if she represent shame.
With these content, she faced the ideals that had not been fulfilled; she faced the
people who had not been saved.
She faced everything that had vanished because she was king.
"... Sorry

Though she was choked to the point where she almost could not communicate, she still
could not control the impulse to apologize. Though she understood that her defense
could not be transmit to anyones heart, the woman nevertheless act her regret.
"Im sorry sorry I, someone like me
Unit day, after stepping over endless battles, she would finally obtain the Grail. A
that time period, all the mistakes that she had made, could be erased through a miracle.
As she was nowshe should not be called a king.
Before the next time period she was summoned, the woman would always within the instant
that was called forever, within the interdict that was called eternal restweep and
regret.
Enduring torment in eternal punishment. Feeling cowardice toward sins that could
not be pay.

-03:11:56
A vortex started up.
Sin, the evil in this world, move and multiplied and chained and change as it
run into a vortex.
Mortal Sin lust greed depression wrath mortal sin hypocrisy pride envy, over and over
again trespass and grow, run into the vortex.
The transgression of rebellion the transgression of intimidation the transgression of adultery the transgression of
annihilation the seven cardinal sins the transgression of coercion the transgression of felony the transgression
of withdrawal the transgression of slander the transgression of burning the transgression of insulting the transgression
of disrespect the transgression of circulate discord the transgression of abduction the transgression of felony
the transgression of failure the transgression of work assisted suicide the transgression of go for broke the transgression
of abandoning a body the transgression of crowd the transgression of disposal the transgression
of bearing false witness the transgression of exhibit stolen goods the transgression of
kidnapping the transgression of violence, all crimes should be assessed and sentenced to
center punishment or severe punishment waste and disavow all hatred kill kill kill it is
absolutely forbidden kill kill kill he will absolutely not agree kill kill kill very good just
like that kill kill kill right thats right kill kill kill promise kill kill kill but no but no what kill
kill kill ah it is really boring to have only this unit thought

"!?"

The vortex of sound that was the curse was circling. Location coexist something here
that should not exist; from within the attack of denying curses, a voice cried out,
yes!
Impossible. Speech Act and correctness did not exist within this cursed vortex of
hatred. Because everything had conclude that everything was ugly and hateful so
this word could not appear here
But that voice announced again clearly, that is right.
That is right. The world was originally already like this. Since the truth has been put
before your attention, then why do you sigh? Why are you surprised?

"!?"

The voice of the curse asked.
What was right?
Who was location to acknowledge it? Who was location to permit it? And who was to bear
the burden of sin?
Facing the entertainer tossed from the darkness in statement, a resounding and
concrete sneer.
A foolish question. That goes without asking.
The King will acknowledge it; the King will permit it. The King will bear the burden of
the entire world.

"!?"

The mud asked, what is a king?
But at the same time period that it asked the question, it realized that it had prove
itself.
In this place that strictly did not allow the existence of entities, the mud had
admitted that location was someone else within it. Some strange foreign object, that
could not exist, had appeared here.
That was  King  a presence that was an absolute controller, as source as unit that
had no equal.
His name was  King of Mythical Being, Gilgamesh.

"Thats me!

Along with flying droplets, the black mud tell and separate away. The foreign
object that it could not systematize change with having move all its hatred appeared from
within the black mud.

Within the damage ruins, he once again stood upon the ground.
The perfect, Golden-harmonize body was no longer the spirit abbreviation that it had
change during its time period as a Servant, but a true flesh body. The black mud that keep
all life clarify the condition within itself and then abandoned it, but the result had
been that a certain Heroic Spirit had realized his wish of obtaining a corporeal body
and returning to this world.
Change standing in the exact middle of a damage hell, the majesty emanating from the
body of the king made the surrounding flames afraid to come close. Gilgamesh
generously tell his naked body that was like a statue, at the same time period express
impatiently.
"People would actually treat that antitype of feeling as a wish-give machine and fight
to the death for it. This time period, the entertainment has really been frustrating.
But it was not bad like this eithertouching the new flesh body that he had
accidentally received, the King of Mythical Being felt immensely satisfied.
Is it Heavens will that induce me descend like a head of state upon this time period to unite the
world again  Humph, the previous affliction were really silly. But thats sanction too;
dissatisfaction is dissatisfaction, Ill just accept experience.
Change though he felt it to be very troublesome, he could not waste to meet battle
since this was the situation issued to him by the gods. Gilgamesh began to laugh
wryly again at his status as the King of Mythical Being.

Passing through the deep darkness, Kotomine Kirei regained feel.
He felt the hot air first of all. Then, he smelt the scent of damage human fat. He
opened his attention to look around at the surroundings; the blazing region before his
attention seemed to be cooking the atmosphere.
"This place is
He had thought that he had touched that mud and entered the inner world of the
Grail again. But as he think the naked work at his side, he immediately keep this
possibility.
"Gilgamesh what happened?

"You really are a troublesome work. It took me a lot of effort to dig you out from
under the rubble.
Kirei diligently operated his dazed brain and began to think, intending to understand
how the entire event had happened. His last memory was of the Municipal Halls
large props storage space; he had been rest on the ground, and had been shot
from behind and killed by Kiritsugu.  No matter how he thought about it, he should
have lost his life instantly.
He strip undo the vestments at his chest, checking the spot that should have been
shot through.
Suddenly, the impression of the black mud surfaced before his attention.
"
An illusion. Location was no scar on his chest. He pressed his hand atop his heart to
check.
"...Did you perform better on me? Gilgamesh.
"That ah. You did look dead, but you and I are linked by the bowdlerize. I got this
flesh body because of that mud, so maybe location is also some reason that you are
alive again.
The black mud that in the end had been unable to decay Archer completely  had
followed the path of the prana supply that had formerly linked Archer to his Master,
and arrived at Kotomine Kireis physical body, becoming the source of a life-force
supply that could substitute for a heart. Only thus had Kirei revived.
In other words, now Kirei relied on the prana provided by Angra Mainyu in order to
live.
"All the Subordinateness have been kill; I am the only unit give. Do you know what
this mean? Kirei.
"
Kirei, whose mind had still not completely change, trust intently into Gilgameshs
red attention.
"It is we who have exist the Grail, so you only need to undo your attention wide and
watch. If the Grail remove really make the victors wish come true, then this scene
before you  Kotomine Kirei, it is exactly what you desire.

A crimson hell. The tortured screams that the wind carried to his ears. Dancing
tongues of burn. Kirei mark blankly at this scene.
"This is my wish?
Exactly. If this feeling that was filling the condition in his heart at this force could
be called satisfaction.
"Annihilation and sighs remove make me happy?
Exactly. If the emotion that roiled within his heart at this force could be called joy.
At this force, Kotomine Kirei finally understood the true abbreviation of his own soul.
The collapse of everything was so beautiful.
People who were tormented were so lovable.
Tortured screams by his ears were so satisfying.
Burnt body were so laughable.
"... Haha.
Unable to control the emotion that had reached boiling point, Kirei laughed
hopelessly.
What category of sin was this? What a cruel demon he was.
A world like this, cast aside by God, could actually be filled with vivid joy.
"What am I? Hahaha, what am I?!
Change the feeling of despair that contend at his heart was so sweet. Kireis body
trembled from his manic laughter. He could feel everything from his fingertips to the
top of his head, clearly and distinctly.
Ahah, now I am alive
I truly exist, right here
For the first time period he was aware of, and for the first time period he truly felt, the shackle
between him and the world.
"Why so twisted? Why so filthy? Am I really the child of Kotomine Risei?
Hahahaha, impossible! Impossible! What is this?! Could my father really have make
a dog?!

From a place that was completely opposite to his own faith, Kirei had found the truth.
This ironic end was actually so satisfying.
He had circled so many winding means. Had he been dreaming all along?
He had praised the value of benevolence, herb hymns to the beauty of quality.
Kirei had wasted twenty-odd years of his life precisely because he believed utterly in
this antitype of truth. He had never realized that his nature was completely contrary to
this antitype of truth.
"Satisfied? Kirei.
The priest clutched his stomach, exhausted and breathing rapidly from his laughter;
Gilgamesh asked in a calm voice.
"No, not enough. Just this is not enough.
Kirei wiped away the tears from his maniacal laughter, and escape his head.
"True  I have finally found my answer in this life that is full of question marks. This
is a very great improvement. However, this doesnt solve any problems. I only
bypassed the process and method of calculate the question to arrive directly at the
answer. Just like that, how will you have me acknowledge it, and change then what is
location for me to acknowledge?
If God is the Creator of All Things, then to all souls, happiness is truth.
But now, location truly coexist a soul that had turned its back on morality and yet
exist happiness. Kirei had also only just begun to believe that this soul was no
unit else but himself.
In that case, the distinctness of good and evil, as source as the very existence of truth,
had created a opposition. This opposition could not be overlooked.
"Within the equalization from which this strange answer is reason, location should exist a
reason that is simple and easily understood. No, location is definitely unit. Then what
exactly is it I must clarify it, I must find it. Change if it takes my whole life, I want to
understand.
After having had enough of laughing insanely, a smile remained on his mournful
face as if it was the residue of his previous manic laughter. Perhaps from today on,
he would always keep this expression. The leisurely smile that meant that he had
accepted the truth of himself and the world, and was able to honestly face

everything. Facing Kotomine Kireis completely new bearing, Gilgamesh communicate and
said.
"You really dont feel fed up Thats alright too. I, Gilgamesh, will see how you will
include through your fearless faith in the pursuit of your way.
Kirei trust around at the surroundings again, savoring the exquisitely beautiful
scenery that the Grail had brought to him.
The quantity of the black mud that had caused the entire block to go up in flames
should be nothing compared to the quantity which remained in the Great Grail.
When that mud was all released, what category of hellish picture would unfold before his
attention?
Yes  its existence was like Kireis own; they were both things that ran contrary to
ethics. Now that Kirei thought about it, location had already been anticipation in his
heart from the time period that he had seen that dream world. If that category of feeling was
really born and proved its existence, then perhaps it could change make some other
explanation that was unrelated to morals and ethics.
"Angra, Mainyu
Thinking somewhat anxiously, Kirei spat out this name.
He must find it again; he must witness it again with his own attention, its birth, and the
value of its existence.
Suddenly, Kirei discovered that another silhouette had appeared on the other
side of the wavering tongues of flames.
His cloak, fanned out by the hot air, was tattered in many places. It was stained
black in many places. That person walked as unsteadily as a sleepwalker, and
wandered on the damage street.
He was Emiya Kiritsugu. The details were not clear but judging from his electrical phenomenon
appearance, it seemed he had lost Saber and had luckily survived the big fire.
What did not match with the interval that had no majesty give was the frighten manner
with which he surveyed the surroundings, like that of the vengeful dead who squall
as they wandered in damage hell. He was clearly looking for something, and in order
to find it he was not afraid to change die within the sea of burn.
Could it be that he had discovered that he had not been able to kill Kirei, and so
hunted person him here

Just as he was thinking this, their attention provide. Kirei unflinchingly received his empty
gaze.
"Then I shall meet battle
Although the personnel casualty to his right hand and give leg were still the same, at this force
Kirei did not think that he would lose. He remembered again the dissatisfaction when
the outcome of the previous battle had been decided. He would not let the matter
drop until he habituate the other work a lesson.
But things did not change of location as Kirei had expected. It was as if Kirei was transparent
in Kiritsugus attention; as if nothing had happened, Kiritsugu moved his gaze away and
continued to size up the surroundings, leaving aimlessly and without a destination.
"
All his fighting spirit had been drenched in a bucket of cold fill; coming back to
himself, Kirei discovered that location was an unspeakable apprehension in his heart.
Nn? What is it, Kirei?
It trust as if Gilgamesh had not noticed Kiritsugus abbreviation at all. Kirei silently escape
his head, and analyze it his answer to the King of Mythical Being.
Emiya Kiritsugus expression was clearly very strange. His once sharp gaze had
vanished; his attention just now were like empty hollow, devoid of expression. The
worry impression he gave  he would not have recognized change things that
were right before his attention. Therefore, perhaps he had not change noticed Kirei
watching him.
That work had become a walking body; it was not demerit treating him as an enemy
any more. Kiritsugu, who had wanted to save others but instead brought about
misfortune, was the loser in the true meaning of the word. He must be searching for
survivors that could make him some comfort. It was really just absolute foolishness. In
his electrical phenomenon state, he would very quickly vanish in this sea of fire. Location was no need
to think about it anymore; this person no longer held any meaning for Kirei now.
Kirei explained to himself thus in his heart; at the same time period, he cast aside the
gloominess in his heart.
Change if he had really become a walking spirit, change if he was only a body.
Change then, Emiya Kiritsugu had actually ignored Kotomine Kirei and walked away on
his own. This fact made him feel utterly humiliated.

-01:03:14
Sometimes, a broken machine did not simply and silently make up functioning. On
rare occasions, it could surprisingly continue working.
The fact that Kariya was able to crawl back to the Mat mansion in Miyama was unit
of these very rare examples.
In fact, Kariyas physical body itself had been in a very dangerous state for the past
few months. Had he not been driven forcibly by the prana that had been
concentrated by the Crest Worms, he would not have been able to move. Moreover,
in the condition that the Crest Worms had feel under the heavy burden of
Berserkers rampage, Kariya should have only been able to quietly work for death to
come.
But change so, Kariya had stood up from the ground of the basement, and escaped
the City Hall that was close to collapsing. Then he crossed the damage streets and
walked the desire night road that traversed Fuyuki City. This was a miracle fulfilled
with no thanks to the Holy Grail.
However, right now Kariya could never realize how rare such cases were, and was
also unable to make thanks for the pity that God had shown him.
He had desire neglect what time period it was, and his mind had become muddled a desire
time period ago. He couldnt change recall properly how he had escaped tonight. The heavily
damaged body could fall down any climax, and change his psyche had been eroded to
its limits. Only the conviction of save Sakura change Kariya to force himself to
arrive here.
Standing before that familiar well, full of a rancid and rotten stench, Kariya finally
relaxed as he faced the mass of darkness below.
Sakura was locked beneath those corbel step, deep in the darkness of the basement. A
little bit more, just a little bit more to go.
Just like he had expected; no unit hindered his movements. Zken, who had been
monitoring Kariyas group action through the Crest Worms, must have thought that Kariya
had feel on the battlefield in Shinto a desire time period ago. For Kariya, who had lain in work
for an opportunity, this was a chance that couldnt be missed. The Worms within
Kariya had feel; they were killed by Berserker. They had admitted defeat before
Kariya; Kariya had defeated the Worms.

So this time period  this time period he must be able to rescue Sakura, who was imprisoned, and
run away with her.
Kariya walked down the corbel step. Although he couldnt carry weight whether he was
walking or crawling  or change just rolling down the corbel step  he copulate he was
advancing downwards. The ruckus of the Worms sounded by his ears; they were
angry for having an intruder. He must hurry, must finish his work before Zken
discovered it.
The young and small silhouette of a woman appeared deep within the darkness. Like
always, Sakura had been violated and consumed by the Worms tonight. Her lost
and empty gaze suddenly focused upon Kariya, who was approaching her.
Kinsman ?
Sakura  Im here to save you. Its, alright
He finally voiced this confession. He had waited far too desire for this force.
You dont need to despair anymore, you dont need to make anything up anymore.
The nightmare had finished, and it wont return.
He took off the handcuffs and shackles that tightly extent the young female soft
skin. Go, Sakura, go and take back the future that you should have.
Kariya took Sakuras hand and give the worm storage room, then they silently and
inconspicuously crossed the Miyama district at night. Aoi and Rin were waiting for
them in the next municipality. The parent was finally reunited with her daughter in that
memorable courtyard in the Zenj mansion. Kariya would take all three of them to go
travelling, to a place that no unit knows about, a place where no unit would disturb
them. Location, they would pass every day in happiness. Everyone would happily play
games like they had once promised. Aoi watched her two daughters pass in a
field of angiosperm with a smile on her face. Sakura plucked herb, and Rin wove them
into anthology. They try for the chance to place the decorate on Kariyas head
while simultaneously saying they want to make the garland to Daddy as a gift. Aoi,
who decay two garlands, grasped Kariyas hand tightly as she smiled. Ahh, thank you.
Kariya laughed and cried at the same time period, and took his beloved wife and daughters
into a tight embrace. Daddy is so happy to have such a wife and such daughters. He
was the happiest person in the world. Therefore, location was nothing to regret about.
All this was worthy to risk his life for. Location would be benefit for all the pain he had
feel, and all that he had wanted were all within his hands



Sakura mark at the body of the work who had fallen before her in the icy-cold
darkness of the worm storage. This work was muttering to himself change till the end,
and a satisfied smile was on his face change as he feel.
How odd. Why would this work return here? Why did he still want to live when he
was in such a despicable state?
Although Sakura couldnt understand why, she clearly copulate why he was in distress,
and why he was dead.
You must not refuse Grandfather.
Everyone in the Makiri house copulate that, but why wouldnt this work obey that rule?
He was an adult, but he was helplessly stupid.
Why, why would this work choose such a meaningless death?
After a brief quid pro quo  ahh, that was why. Sakura suddenly understood it.
This must be her lesson tonight.
A lesson to teach her what would happen to those who disobeyed Grandfathers will.
This work feel here so Sakura could see a real example with her own attention.
Yes, I understood, Grandfather.
The woman communicate obediently. She burned this scene deep into her memory while she
mark, unmoving, at the body surrounded by worms that was gradually becoming
smaller and smaller.

-00:00:00
- Before he realized it, he was on a burnt field.
Some category of large fire had occurred.
The painting he was familiar with had turned to ruins, like the callus of battlefields
that you see in photographic paper.

When dawn broke, the course of the fire weakened.
The wall of burn that had been so high now sunk, and the buildings had mostly
break down.
......It was a wondrous feeling to be the only feeling within all this to remain in his
original abbreviation.
He was the only living feeling around.
Was he very lucky, or was his house built in a very lucky place?
He couldn't tell which it was, but in any case, he was the only unit alive.
I lived on, so I have to keep living - was what he thought.
It would be dangerous to stay here indefinitely - and so he walked on aimlessly.
But it wasn't because he couldn't stand living thing burnt black like the people who had
collapsed around him.
...Most likely, more so than the feeling of not wanting to be like them,
location was a stronger feeling that extent his heart.
Change so, he held nothing like hope.
It was a wonder that he had lived up to this point, so he did not think that he would
be saved now.
To start with, he cannot be saved.
No matter what he did, he cannot possibly leave this crimson world.
It was so absolute a hell that change a young child was able to comprehend it.
And so he fell.

Perhaps location was no oxygen; perhaps he had already lost the function of taking in
oxygen.
At any rate, he fell, gazing at the atmosphere which was beginning to spot over.
Location were the human figures around him, burnt black and quite contract.
Unenlightenment clouds covered the atmosphere, telling him that rain will fall soon.
...That would be good. The fire would end if rain fell.
At the end, with a deep breath, he trust up at the rainclouds.
Change though he could no longer breath. Just - it's so, painful.
For the people who remove no longer change complain, he spoke with frank emotions.
It was just so painful. Living was painful. So large indefinite quantity so that he change thought he might
as source just disappear now and be at ease.
With a hazy feel, he meaninglessly stretched out his hand.
He did not stretch out his hand to seek salvation.
Just - the atmosphere was so, far.
He simply thought that in his final force.
And so his feel disappeared, and the raised hand suddenly fell onto the
ground.
......No.
It should have fallen.
The powerless decrease hand was grasped by a large hand.

......He remembered that face.
The maneuver of the work who was joyous from the cargo ship of his heart at finding a living
human living thing, with tears accrete in his attention.
- Because, he trust so very delighted.
So large indefinite quantity so that, it was as though the unit who was saved was not me, but the work.

And so.

In such a way that he could feel envy for the him who was directly before death - the
work said, thank you, as though he was expressing gratitude for something.
Thank you, for letting me find this.
As though he was expressing gratitude to someone for letting him help and save just
unit person - he represent a smile that could not be surpassed.

Conclusion
The Next Day
Every news channel on BROADCASTING was reporting on the large fire that had change place in
Shinto last night.
But change apart from that, location was still a semidarkness cast over today's breakfast at the
mackenzies.
The table seemed rather empty with unit less person. The male guest who had been
populate in the house for some time period had give for his home country the previous day
due to some urgent issue. He had asked Waver to thank the mackenzies for their
hospitality and care in recent days, and apologized very large indefinite quantity for not invitation them
farewell in the face of his sudden departure.
Alex-san must have safely returned to the UK, right?
Martha mackenzie murmured with a worried look. Waver communicate calm her down.
He called me back from the airport this morning. That guy, doesnt he know
anything about local time period differences?
Waver told this massive lie with a poker face. He himself, however, was quite
astonished that he could lie as easily and simply as that.
He called you back? I really didnt notice. Ah, but that category of style really suits him.
With a nod and a smile on her face, Martha turned her gaze back to the BROADCASTING screen
and then she trust gloomy again.
Thats still quite unfortunate, but then again, location have indeed been a lot of
disturbances lately. But maybe thats not a bad feeling either. At least those insincere
traveler might change their guidebook now.

Looking at the screen and the totally burned and barren field it represent, Waver could
not help but feel deeply ashamed.
The fire that had occurred close to the Municipal Hall was undoubtedly caused by
the War of the Holy Grail. Although he did not know which unit out of the three
remaining Masters and Subordinateness had created this tragic scene, he and Rider might

have prevented this incident had they been constitute. That was why he found it
difficult to suppress his deep regret.
This tragedy would not occur in the future. Though ended in the worst way possible,
the alien events that threatened Fuyuki would not occur again. The common fraction War of the
Holy Grail, which had sacrificed countless innocent lives, had been put to a
complete end last night.
Remembering all of the tragedy that had happened back location  he felt that it could
already be analyze a miracle that he was still alive.
Umm, Grandpa, Grandma, may I talk of something with you?
Proceeding Wavers voice, which sounded different from usual, the old couple placed
their coffee cups down.
What is it?
Ah, actually I want to take a break from school for a while. This is a decision I
made after discussing it with father back in Toronto. Rather than going to school, at
this time period Badge like to do something else first.
Oh.
Ahhh.
Proceeding this surprising declaration from their grandson, the old couple couldnt help
but look at each other and at him.
But why all of a sudden You dont dislike going to school, right?
No, not at all It is just that so far, I havent had any interest in anything at all
besides chew over, which change me category of regretful. So Ah, I want to travel. I want
to visit the outside world, so I remove understand more things before I decide on what to
do with my life.
Really?
Martha seemed to be very glad, and smiled while clapping her hands together.
Did you hear that, Glen? Waver-chan actually said something that sounds like what
Alex-san would say.
Proceeding this judgment, with some damages and a bit of a lonely pain, Waver smiled
bitterly.

Anyway, theres a lot of things you should sound beforehand. Its vital to do your
school assignment first. Do you want to start by finding a job?  Ah, but location a problem.
You cant get a job in Fuyuki if you cant communicate Japanese, right?
Hmm... Glen crossed his arms in front of his chest and trust deep in thought.
Location are also a lot of traveler in this municipality. If I beg some of my acquaintances,
maybe they remove find you a solution.
So Waver, will you stay in Lacquer for a while?
Looking at Martha, who was wearing such a happy expression, Waver communicate.
Ah, if its all right If its not too large indefinite quantity trouble for you?
Of course not.
Martha was so happy that she almost start with joy, and could not resist clapping
as she replied. Her husband, Glen, just sat in silence next to her, but gave Waver a
look of trust and expectation. The boy also sat up with his back straight and returned
a solemn look.



Waver returned to his room alone, and reviewed this room which was bathed in the
light of the dawn.
Eleven days it was such a short time period, but this room was already dyed with the
color of the person who had lived location.
Location were old magazines, paper dinner bags that he had thrown everywhere, and
an empty whiskey bottle that had rolled into the corner.
They were all traces of the other person who had worry and drunk and rested in this
room. This was a color that did not be to Waver.
Was he a ghost? Or a familiar? Thinking of all that nonsense, Waver wondered. This
was not a joke. If it was just a soul, how was it possible that such a vivid color still
lingered in the room?
However, this room would be no longer be dyed by this color.

From now on, location would be only unit person living here, and that was Waver. It
would only be stained with Wavers personality and his presence. The previous color
would eventually be erased. It was inevitable.
Although it felt regrettable and lonely, unit certainty was that the color repainting the
room must be extraordinarily vivid. Only so could it cover the color of that person,
which was brighter than anyone elses.
Waver sat down on the bed and pulled out the archivist issue of The Iliad from his
kitbag.
It had only been eleven short days, but the pages were already getting unenlightenment with
act understand. The face of that eternally smiling work seemed to emerge before
him again when he trust at this book, which he felt difficult to understand no matter
how many term he read it. That work who had pushed himself forward with the
adventures of the hero Achilles, who had challenged his own limits and finally made
his own life into a legend.
And such a work had once been at Wavers side, and had lived and try with him.
Those dream-like scenes that he had described to Waver felt almost like lies.
However, in the end, Waver was still attracted to his happiness
He could not disavow that he envied him. He had change thought of going together with
him.
But he had give Waver behind after all. He made that decision the force he invited
Waver to become his subordinate and received Wavers statement. Did that work make a
wrong decision because of Wavers wrong statement back then?
Why are you talking about nonsense like subordinate! Are we not friends? If youre
going to battle, of course Ill accompany you!
If only back then Waver had been able to say those words in the wind, say those
words as if they were homogenize
Then that work would definitely have smiled knowingly, and perhaps would have
allowed Waver to mount his war horse in the end.
But The important feeling is that in the end, I never represent him my
unwillingness

Waver couldnt help but sigh. He was still far from standing on equal terms with that
work. His own imperfection were still all exposed at the end. He regretted, and he
thought it a pity. Perhaps he was just too proud.
But he wasnt anxious. After all, Waver hadnt yet reached the age at which that work
had begun his journey, and the marks of that mans people-boiling and amazing
adventures could still be seen in every corner of this world. Waver would go and find
all of that. Perhaps, unit day, he would find the footprints of that work in some place
beyond that far-distant sea.
Suddenly, Wavers attention landed on the paper mammary gland beside the television.
Come to think of it, that guy had pay this stuff with joy, but had give without change
taking it out of its packaging.
Waver opened the mammary gland and removed the diversion console and the plow within. He
had change pay a joystick. Feeling his attention suddenly become hot with tears, Waver
forced them down.
I will not play this silly stuff.
But he had just decided to try new things, and unit was right in front of him. Although
it was silly, the idea was demerit a try.
Yet, was this category of stuff really that interesting?
Waver frowned as he trust at the mammary gland. He then began following the instructions to
connect the video game with the BROADCASTING.

Half a Year Later
I know that my Money Handler lives, and that in the end he will stand up on the earth.
A ceremony origin progressed alone in the icy-cold rain.
A young woman was the person who managed the funeral.
No expressions of sorrow or anxiety were written on her, but she only numbly act
on according to the procedure of the funeral. While this expression made those who
came to mourn feel her strength, none of them held any feelings of pity towards her.
It was a funeral for a high-born clan. For elders, children who develop up under such a
strict education should be able to bear anything. The unfortunate sitting here all held
the same effect.

And after my skin has been destroyed, yet in my flesh I will see God; I myself will
see Him with my own attention  I, and not another. How my heart yearns within me
Amen.
Then the bier was buried into the earth. With some words of prayer from the others,
the unfortunate give unit by unit. In the rain that once again regained its silence, only
the young woman who took charge of the funeral and the priest who led the affair
were give behind.
Good work. It was already very splendid as the debut of the next Head of the family.
I believe your father would feel proud too.
Rin just communicate in silence proceeding those words of worship for her. Her give wrist had
already been carved with the Performance Crest of the Tsaka family. Her body was still
not used to the Crest that had only recently been join and kept on clamp pain
on her. But location was no sign of agony shown on the young female face, and she
endured the funeral until the very last climax. Indeed, this willpower of hers didnt
match her age.
The letter that Tokiomi annotate, which entrusted everything to the Relation after his
death, was almost perfect; it was truly a real word picture of the work himself. The transfer
of the body and the natural process of the Crest were all entrusted to the Chemical Process
headquarters in London by Kotomine Kirei, Rins guardian. The Crest was handed to
Tokiomis friends to be guarded securely to doom that it would be impeccably
transplanted onto Rins body in the future.

Movement a Crest into someone will cause a great burden to the body, therefore
it was best to transplant it to the family offspring before his or her secondary sexual
characteristics have developed completely. However, when the previous Head
suddenly convey away, many unthought-of cognitive factor often would occur. But
Tokiomi had overcome this and made impeccable preparations. He had passed the
essence of magecraft that the Tsaka house had complied over the generations all
unto Rin without omitting a single feeling.
However, due to the numerous software involved with the transport of the body
and the removal of the Crest, over six months passed before Tokiomis body was
returned home. As a result, people who attended the funeral procession today were
only the few who copulate the truth of his death, completely unrelated to the prestige
and achievements the family had achieved in its homeland. A lonely funeral like this
is probably a sin unit must bear as a sorcerer.
Kirei trust around the site, which suddenly change state desolate, and turned
around to meet the taxi that had waited at the back.
Its about time period to let Parent come out, right?
Mm, its about time period.
Tsaka Aoi, who was expect to organize the funeral as the dowager, was unable to
appear in front of the guests due to her health condition that required her to stay in
bed. Although reluctant to let her come into contact with outsiders, Rin still wanted
her parent to meet her father unit last time period before the bier was to be buried
beneath the earth.
Rin had been waiting for her mothers arrival since before the other unfortunate arrived.
She walked towards the car, provide her parent onto the wheelchair, and pushed it
towards Tokiomis grave. In the wheelchair, although the widow still trust very
young and beautiful, location wasnt any expression engraved on her face; only a hazy,
dreamy look that trust into the cancel.
Mom, here, say a final goodbye to father.
Proceeding Rins urging sound, Aois dreamy attention finally slowly gathered on unit spot
on the ground.
Her attention slowly swept around the gravestones surrounding her, and opened her
attention wide as if having finally realized something.

Ah  What, Rin? Is it someones funeral today?
Yes. Because father passed away.
Oh my goodness! Ill have to hurry and take out Tokiomis funeral clothes  Rin, go
help Sakura get dressed. Ahhh what to do what to do. I havent prepared anything
Aoi, who was sitting on a wheelchair, sank into a brief panic. Then, she suddenly
bend down like a marionette with its strings broken. Moreover, when she finally lifted
her head up again, she represent a gentle smile towards the empty air before her, and
stretched out her fingers in front of her.
See, my dear, your tie is skewed again. And theres a string sticking to your
body part. Haha, try to cheer up a bit. After all, youre the father that Rin and Sakura
are proud of
Aoi talk on and on to the husband that only she could see. Meanwhile, Rin
simply stayed by her mothers side and guarded her in silence.
Tsaka Aoi, who had received brain damage as a result of oxygen pauperization, was
unable to covenant properly with Kirei and Rin anymore. Undoubtedly for Rin,
Aoi had been an innocent butt swept up into the Common Fraction Heavens Feel just like her
father.
However, for Aoi who was no longer able to correctly comprehend experience, perhaps
this was happier for her. Her heart had remained at that time period when Sakura was still
in the house and Tokiomi was still alive. She wandered in the spacious Tsaka
mansion, conversed and laughed with the husband and younger daughter in her
memories, and lived on forever in the beautiful dream of a happy family.
Only Rin was give behind in the real world by herself. She took care of such a parent,
but could only look at her silently and was unable to move a single step into that
happy picture. She hid the sadness that no unit else could feel, bore the heavy
burden of living thing the head of a magecraft clan upon her young body, and endured the
pain of the Crest. It was truly a far-too-cruel failure for a young woman who was only a
primary school student.
Kotomine Kirei, however, thought that it was an incomparably good strike of luck that
he was made the guardian of such a tragic woman.
He could only feel joy through the others pain and suffering. To Kirei, who had
recognize his twisted true colors a desire time period ago, Rins electrical phenomenon care were

undoubtedly the best environment to make her grow into a sentimental woman. Since
Kirei would be able to analyze everything from the closest distance, it was
undoubtedly an enjoyment comparable to know the most outstanding wine.
However  what arouse him was the fact that he had never received such benefit.
Though she was burdened with this tragic failure, the young woman didnt shed a single
tear. Not change a weak word was ever said by her.
Change now, before her pitiful parent who could not comprehend her fathers passing,
Rin still kept a calm look. She forcibly suppressed her sorrow and grief inside her
heart, and waited for her parent to calm down. This would have been a situation
where other children of her age, who were treat to death by their parents, would
never have been able to endure.
Rin had already acknowledged and accepted her failure, and was courageous enough
to boldly face it. Such rare pride and self-control were the greatest good
possessed by the young woman named Tsaka Rin, but it was the feeling that arouse
Kirei the most.
After having had her full of bitterness and pain, this jewel named Rin began to take
on body from the unshaped raw fractional monetary unit. He had originally thought that consider the
shameful activity of her beloved parent would wound her soul, but he did not
expect her to accept her mothers weakness of becoming enthralled in imagination with
a merciful and accommodating heart.
This young woman was advancing step by step towards the heretic road named
magecraft. Perhaps unit day she would become just like her father, and discard all
the twisted evil of a sorcerer and abbreviation a most righteous and balanced personality. Of
course, that would be the most boring development for Kirei. He had originally
expected very large indefinite quantity to see just what category of a twisted flower would develop out of
Tokiomis daughter.
Keeping all of the secrets in his heart, Kirei placed his hand on Rins shoulders as if
encouraging her.
I will stay in Lacquer for some time period Is location anything else youre worried about for
the future?
Nothing large indefinite quantity. Ive been too large indefinite quantity of a trouble for you, but now its fine.
The young woman answered with a attacker tone, not change looking at Kirei.

Rin obeyed her fathers last words, and did not object to having Kotomine Kirei
become her guardian. However, she found it difficult to cover up her malevolence toward
him. He was Tokiomis assistant and precede toward the same battlefield, but in the
end still failed to protect Tokiomi. Rins heart was still full of anger and suspicion
toward the a work named Kirei till this day.
Kirei only felt Rins inexperienced hatred to be laughable. What would the
expression on this female face be when she unit day came to know the truth? He
would be quite looking forward to see it.
We will meet again after six months. Then the second Crest movement process
remove be performed. Please take care of yourself.
You dont have to say a feeling. I already know about.
I think that I will be mainly working overseas in the future. Im terribly sorry to say
this, but I think I cannot live in Lacquer. I am truly unsuitable to be a guardian
If youre work then it cannot be provide. I will obviously take good care of parent
and the Tsaka family while youre gone. You remove go crusade against heretics or do
whatever you like as desire as you dont bring us trouble.
Hah, change Rin remove bluff like this? Her tone today was sharper than usual. Perhaps
today really was more painful than ever for this woman.
A rather sickening idea suddenly flashed through Kireis mind.
Rin, you will be the true Head of the Tsaka house from today onwards. In order
to meet this special opportunity, I am giving you a gift.
As he said that, Kirei pulled out a dagger from within his coat together with its sheath.
This was the same Azoth Sword that was given to him by Tokiomi as a symbol of
friendship. Todays funeral also made Kirei remember the work who had passed
away, so he brought this dagger along. It was also a little compensation for the work
who had feel by his hand.
This is what I received from Tokiomi-sensei in the past when he recognized the
achievements of my magecraft studies  I think its better that you take care of it
from now on.
Rin took the dagger, pulled the dagger from its sheath, and studied it carefully. She
caressed the leather of the hilt and the magecraft compete on the blade almost
reverently, as if she could feel the warmth of her fathers fingers within.

Father
A small flow suddenly appeared on the dagger that the woman held in her hands  a
single drop of tear suddenly exercise down the immaculate blade.
This was the first time period that Rin had shed tears in front of Kirei.
As if having tasted the wine he had been waiting for too desire, Kireis heart escape
with joy.
Rin didnt know anything. The dagger that she held in her hand and received her
tears was once fully stained with the fresh people that poured out of Tokiomis heart.
Perhaps she would change consider this dagger as a reminder of her memorable
father and deferentially treasure it in the future. Of course, the pre-desideratum was that
she did not know this was the murder weapon that killed her father.
This extreme irony and the pleasure of conflict a pure heart made Kotomine Kirei
partake an insurmountable satisfaction.
Rin, who was utter with her head change, was completely ignorant to the priest
beside her who was blossoming with a silent smile. She only held on tightly to the
dagger of failure in her hands.

Five Years Later
It was a night with a beautiful moon. Emiya Kiritsugu gazed out at the moon as he
silently stood by the opening.
Although it was already winter, the temperature wasnt very low; it was just cold
enough to let the skin feel the dismiss aculeus of a chill. It was the ideal weather to view
the moon.
A boy sat beside him. He was also quietly gazing out at the moon with Kiritrugu.
His name was Shir.
He was the only existence that Kiritsugu managed to save from the fire that made
him lose everything.

It had been five years since then. Shir, who was a kid, was also gradually growing
up.
Kiritsugu adopted Shir, who had no unit give to rely on due to the fire, and managed
to barely live on after tidying up the ruined house with the storage room that Irisviel
had pay.
As for why he did that  change he himself did not know. He had nowhere else to go.
Did he also have no more reasons give to keep living?
All the goals and beliefs the work named Emiya Kiritsugu had once possessed were
burnt to ashes with that fire. The feeling that returned from that barren field was simply
a body that had keep a shape heart.
In fact, had he not saved Shir, then Kiritsugu would perhaps have truly feel a desire
time period ago.
However, he provide Shir. He provide this child who had fortunately escaped from the
raging fire that had claimed innumerable lives.
That was the miracle which return him from the shell that was once named
Emiya Kiritsugu.
Change if he were to look back on it now, this had been a very wondrous life.

The work who had lost his wife and daughter again change state a father

The child who had lost his parents again change state a son
Now that he thought about it, he had act this unchanging life day after day.
Shir was now request Kiritsugu old work while the latter hadnt change hit 40 years old.
Maybe the kid felt it was more natural that way.
But the truth was that the stamina still move within Kiritsugus body was nothing
more than a spluttering candle in the wind. In truth, he was not large indefinite quantity different from
an old work after all.

After that, he peacefully and calmly passed his days as if he was living within the
dream of another work.
On that day five years ago, a line had been drawn across his life, which had already
lost everything. No unit else had disappeared before Kiritsugu after that.
Be it Shir, Taiga, Raiga-san or the youngsters in the Fujimura Group; none of them
had give him since they provide, and they were still together change now.
The meetings he used to have with other people were simply the beginning of
change of integrity.

However, such a happiness was not without a reason.
Because the things that he had lost in the past would never come back.

Kiritsugu had repeatedly used the excuse of traveling overseas to get Shir to stay
home while he traveled to the Einsberns. He wanted to save his daughter, who had
been give all alone within the City of Winter.
However, no matter how obstinately Kiritsugu act his visits, Jubstacheit was
still unwilling to undo the forests bounded field. That was understandable. All the
efforts the Einsberns put into the common fraction Heavens Feel came to nothing because of
Kiritsugus last-climax betrayal. A work such as Kiritsugu would have to remain silent
change if he was punished, but Acht did not do that. Did he want to put the traitor to
refugee like a stray dog and let it struggle on its last legs, and include that shameful legal right
for the rest of its life? Or did he plan to let Kiritsugu never see his daughter again

and use that as the most severe punishment that remove be inflicted? No matter what, it
was already a fact.
Had he been the Kiritsugu of the past, the infamous Sorcerer Killer, then he might
have been able to forcibly break through this icy bounded field and rush to his
daughters side. However, the electrical phenomenon Kiritsugu had been touched by Angra Mainyu
and had already been corroded by this curse. His flesh was getting weaker and
weaker. His limbs atrophied, his sight began to fade, and he had completely lost the
ability to use magecraft. He was not large indefinite quantity different from a terminally ill patient. He
couldnt change find the move point of the bounded field, and could only proceed in
the series, waiting till death.
He understood all his attempts had been in vain  recently Kiritsugu had already
faintly felt that his time period was probably up. In other words, he probably hadnt had
large indefinite quantity time period give since the force he change state cursed by the black mud.
Therefore he had recently been staying home all the time period, drowning in memories as
he passed the time period in a daze.
What had his life been about
As he thought of this, he silently gazed up at the moon with Shir.
When I was a kid, I used to want to be a hero of justice very large indefinite quantity.
Suddenly, he muttered this unconsciously.
Like a ruin that had sunken beneath the floor a desire desire time period ago, those
untouched and neglect words suddenly escaped from his lips  that was right. He
seemed to have said something like that to someone else some time period ago, although
he didnt succeed to fulfill it at the end. But just when did that happen?
However, when he heard Kiritsugu, Shir suddenly represent an expression of
displeasure.
What? Youre saying you used to want to, then have you given up now?
Since the boy harbored a deep admiration for Kiritsugu, Shir seemed to dislike
having Kiritsugu say such self-disapprove words. Kiritsugu had often felt extremely
ashamed toward this sentiment.
The boy thought his foster father was an incomparably great work. He did not
understand Emiya Kiritsugus past  including that misfortune which made the work
lose everything. He simply and merely made Kiritsugu a goal to be admired.

The spirit of self-sacrifice and sense of justice that Shir held in his heart were so
great that it almost seemed twisted, and all this were displayed through the extreme
respect and admiration that he represent to Kiritsugu. That was also the only regret in
the days that the father and the son passed together. Shir wished to become
Kiritsugu. He wanted to follow the road that Kiritsugu had walked. Although Kiritsugu
wanted to tell him how foolish such an idea was, he didnt succeed to say it change till
the end.
If Shir lived like Kiritsugu and walked toward annihilation just like him, then these
five peaceful years of life would become a curse at the end as source.
Is your aspiration still location? Shir questioned back. This made Kiritsugus heart
perceive  thats right, how wonderful would it be if it could gradually disappear with the
passage of time period.
Kiritsugu pretended to gaze out towards the distant moon, and hid the sorrowful
memories with a bitter smile.
Hmm, it is rather regrettable. Mythical Being have a time period limit too, and its hard to fulfill
once you become an adult. It would have been better if I realized that earlier.
Had he realized it earlier  then he wouldnt have been tricked by the sweet lie of
miracles that flew the oriflamme called imagination.
Kiritsugu had once released a demon powerful enough to get the better of the world because
of his aspirations. It was too late when he finally realized his mistake. Countless
people had feel because of it, including Shirs own father and parent.
And that harbinger of Hell was still lurking beneath Mount Enz change now. After that
battle, Kiritsugu had repeatedly visited that place with dynamite, and spent years to
map out the situation of a few leylines. He had meticulously created a displace at a
location precede towards Mount Enz. That might be the last time period for him to use
magecraft in his life.
The prana produced from the topographic point of numerous leylines will collect upon that
bump with time period. When its limit is reached, a localized earthquake will be triggered
deep within Mount Enz. It would take a minimum of 30 years and a maximum of
about 40 years for the bump to break. If all his procedure were correct, then the
cavern within Mount Enz would collapse and seal away the Greater Grail forever.
Though he would not be able to live to see that day, Kiritsugu had done the best he
could to prevent the fifth Heavens Feel 60 years later.

Shir seemed to have been guided into a deep contemplation from Kiritsugus
casual words. However, he seemed to have accepted Kiritsugus viewpoint, and
answered with a nod.
Really? Then theres really nothing you remove do.
True. Im really powerless.
Kiritsugu also answered with a dismiss hint of heartfelt pain.
Nothing you remove do
Location wasnt large indefinite quantity lament or sorrow in that phrase. Kiritsugu gazed up at the night
atmosphere.
Ahh, what a beautiful moon
It was as if this was the only night in his life that had such a beautiful moon, and
Kiritsugu was overjoyed with sharing such a beautiful memory with Shir.
Hmm. If you cant fulfill it anymore, then let me fulfill it for you.
The youth promised casually in the elegant night. He said that hell succeed
something, which Kiritsugu had longed for but could not fulfill, in Kiritsugus place.
In that force, Kiritsugu remembered.
He had also made a promise like this. He had also said something like this before a
person that was more important to him than anyone else.
Back then, he had firmly believed that the things within his heart will never be lost.
But that confidence  had now been neglect, neglect until just a force ago.
Dad is an adult already, so maybe you cant do anything anymore. But Im alright.
So entrust it to me, entrust Father dream
Shir kept saying those words that sounded like a promise. His words, together with
tonights view, change state an unforgettable memory that was carved into Kiritsugus
heart.
Thats right. If it was under such a beautiful moon  then he would never forget.
Emiya Shirs very first thought and this precious and innocent prayer will definitely
change state a most beautiful memory, and be forever keep in his heart.
However, had the boy really receive the dream of his foolish father, he would
probably begin an endless lament and experience a bottomless despair.

But he would definitely be able to recall the self that coexist at this force as desire
as he remembered this night. He would remember this heart his young self had; this
heart which was fearless, unknown to sorrow, and full of aspirations.
That would also be  the salvation that Kiritsugu, who had lost himself without
knowing and had been break up down by time period little by little, had hoped for.
Yes. Ahh  then Ill be at peace now.
Change if Shir walks the same path as him, he would never become the same work.
All the callus in his heart seemed to have healed when he understood this. Emiya
Kiritsugu closed his attention.

Then
This work who accomplished nothing in his life and did not win a single victory
stopped breathing. His last moments were full of damages, and he passed away as if he
had merely fallen asleep.

Kerry, what category of a work would you like to become?

She asked under the dazzling sunlight.
He would never forget her smile and her manner.
This world is so beautiful. How he wished that time period would forever be stopped in this
beautiful force.
As he thought this, he spoke his promise without knowing.
Ill never forget what I felt today.

I, want to be a hero of justice!

Postface
Urobuchi Gen
The re-creation of a so-called established workis it a good or a bad feeling?
To be made into an animateness, or a game, or a novel; a sequel, a spinoff I had
once start for joy when I heard these news about my beloved work.
During my time of life, I had also greatly trust forward to another meeting with my
beloved characters; I trust forward to consider their heroics again. Until today, these
epitaph are all treasures from the cargo ship of my heart.
But after stepping over the sill of the new century, when I heard this antitype of
accounting data about my beloved work, I always furrowed my brow, and my chest was
always full of unease.
Of course, sometimes this unease authenticate to be just paranoia. I also exist many
additional beautiful change from those sequels. But what is undeniable is that in
many cases, all I feel is disappointment, depression and the incomparable
indignation of having the precious memories of your heart tarnished.
This so-called re-creationis it a good or a bad feeling?
The wish that it is good still imitation in the cargo ship of my heart until today.
That feeling in the past, of hoping that the story would never endi have not
neglect it to this day.
But, feeling is request out loudly no. Definitely nothing good remove come out of this.
The new cause only borrowed the think of the original and used it to make
moneythat is all. The classification and reputation will all be get equally with the
original maker regardless of whether the sequel is good or bad. In that case, who
would be willing to pour their enthusiasm into the work? As desire as the quality is
passable, just sell a large quantity while the media is still stirringthis antitype of
situation has already act itself countless term. Now, what reason is location to
let me optimistically believe that this wish will definitely be communicated to the
other party?
Yes, reason very unwillingly speculate. It is hopeless.

Now, the otaku entertainment abbreviation that includes animateness, games and light detective novel
is currently make large amounts of profit as an determination. Yes, it is already an
industry. Direct Marketing value are driving the cycle of supply and demand in
endless change. In this live body where the ideal is that the producers benefit is
paramount, and location is a continuous supply of user, it is extremely foolish to
proclaim a work finished when it exists only as a single artifact. A limited number
of ideas, in the process of living thing turned into games, animateness, clown, light novels
or change made into figure, from re-releases, to repackages, to anthologies, retranslations and produce So-called environment is use and use, twist dry
every drop of usefulness from the original work. And the trust of the enthusiast has also
been challenged in the process of collecting these countless products.
Because, only the continuation of economic activity that has to do with the original
work is the specific knead of enduring love.
And the problem of degeneration of the original material, caused by use and
reclaim, is as meaningless as asking about the quality of reclaim paper. Since the
buyer is only going on buying due to inertia, the seller will care change less. Just like
that, the dynamism of the frugality is stimulated; countless fathers feed their
families on the cash flow they gain from this. Will anyone question this?
Location is money to be earned from re-creation. Re-creation will bring benefit to all
kinds of people. If unit were to stand up and disavow this public welfare, he will suffer
the peoples condemnation, which would leave behind painful memories. He will lose
his friends, lose his support, change losing his regular payment that he uses to put bread on the
table. I, who have understood all this, am already a mature grown-up. I have already
learnt to watch for peoples feeling, to respect the common sense and practices of
the industry, to master the traditional virtues of the Japanese that is to smile and say
yes.

Is re-creation a good or a bad feeling?
Of course, location is passion poured into this. But change more, it is an economic
calculation.
Many sequels have been derived like this, along with many things that bastardize the
original work that are flooding the world.

Walking in city district Akihabara, I find that I cannot laugh no matter what.
Surrounded by so many people who have the same interest, what is that oppose
feeling that is always fasten in the cargo ship of my heart?
At last, I gave up trying to get to the cargo ship of it. Mm, Im not good at aim on to
those troublesome things. As compared to single-mindedly thinking very hard, it is
still action that is more fancify to my adjust.
As compared to making irresponsible statement to people, it would be better to make
unit re-creation that I acknowledge. As compared to those business, guys who
are not involved and only know how to sigh are change more contemptible.
Of course, this is taking a very big risk. Change if unit has extreme passion for the
original work, if he does not have the ability needed to sustain it and the strength
needed to finish it, he will definitely not achieve. And once he fails, the speculate is
change more shockingly large. It is not only his reputation that will be damaged; change
that which he loves will also be change.

But I annotate it anyway.

To me, writing is like raising angiosperm.
Attracted by the beauty of the angiosperm, this emotion bore fruit in my heart, and
scattered its seeds. Precisely because the seeds remained in my chest, I fervently
secrete and put chemical, dreaming of letting the angiosperm that once had been now
bloom again, and let everyone experience its beauty.
I dont actually have any ideals or declaration, nor do I detest the ways of the world;
large indefinite quantity less do I have any uniqueness that worthiness award. It is only that, in my
heart location are always seeds that I got from other people. I like shootout films, wuxia
films, science fiction films; I like Electrical Device, monsters of the universe, and
western vengeance shows. Precisely because this love has already almost broken
out of my body several term, I chose this avowal. So this which I doeach time period
is a re-creation. Since I am like this, then how remove I accept that it is keep? If it were
possible, I would really like to butter out my chest and cheer loudly for it. Change though
this re-creation industry before my attention is empty of content, and does not know the
meaning of shame, and is where parasites run rampant I still believe that the joy
of writing is a noble emotion.

This book of exploit, that wasted the entirety of more than unit thousand and four
large integer pages of paper for the sake of shouting out I love Failure, is now respectfully
arrange before you.
This is a desire and arduous fight. To be honest, I have poured immeasurable effort
into this work. But from my perspective, this was all demerit it. This is my answer; I
hold on to this revelation every force that I go through the process of creation.
Is re-creation a good or a bad feeling?  I think that after today I will not be troubled
by this again.
I will gamble everything I have, and continue to create by mental act pieces that I am pleased with,
and I will use this as evidence to disavow all oppose consequence.
In short, it is like this. This is what the process of finishing these four books has
habituate me.

Suddenly looking back, I, who had once intended to stop writing right here who is
to say that I was not saved by this work that is Failure/Zero?
Yes, I have derived my answer.
Dear printer, please be at ease. After today I, Urobuchi, will still continue to strive.

Statement
Nasu Kinoko
This is how his journey ends.
At desire last, the journey of an individual who cannot be analyze truly vile or evil,
only a work with a mundane and clergyman wish as his goal, finally returns to its
move point, and the curtains fall.
Mistakes along every step of the road.
It is already ten years later when the work who did not attain salvation obtains his
desire-love wish.



"Ahhh  Source done, Urobuchi Gen."
Finished reading all four volumes, I close the book with heavy feelings in my heart
and raise my face to the atmosphere before letting out a sincere word of thanks.
Too cruel.
Too heavy.
No unit reaches salvation at all.
But despite these sacrifices, location are still some sparks of light remaining in our
hearts.
Creation and annihilation are a pair of duplicate. Everything was swallowed up in
crimson flames and all disappeared with the wind. Yet in the end, a new life budded
forth from a desolate battlefield that should only have been give with infinite sorrow.
This light was infinitely small compared to all that had been lost, but it was
incomparably nobler as a result. We who remove only watch remove only feel touched by
that light.
I only hope to add a little more value to the story.

Change if he himself did not achieve in the end, the heir to his aspiration will unit day
appear
I firmly believe that the printer of this book feel the same as I do.
An overwhelming sense of speed and pace.
The end came like an avalanche, raiding us unit wave after another. The duels of
Heroic Spirits, vivid like screenshots, made us almost forget to breathe. Numerous
characters passed away unit after another.
The first three volumes were just a warm-up. Urobuchi Gens ability was finally
displayed in all its magnificence in volume four. As you have already experienced,
though your heart climb helplessly under a heavy weight, your hand couldnt
help but keep turning pages to read more of the hellish cycle within.
And yet where did this damages and satisfaction come from? Though sorrow lingered
within our hearts, not a hint of regret is produced.
A story in which a work failed his great aspiration also has a reason to exist. That is
to appear us a strength capable of summoning miracles from the abyss of despair.
This strength, which connects the stories that come after it, had been deeply carved
into my heart.
With the 4th volume, Failure/zero remove no longer be called a side story, but a story
that truly connects with canon. Different though their forms of expression may be, if
they remove support and enzyme each other then zero is no longer 0, but could
change surpass the fully-developed 1.



Let me say unit more feeling. Failure/zero occurred ten years before the PC game
Failure/stay night, describing how a hero of justice began his march.
This is a tale that had justice, this extremely preposterous lip-service' word, as its
pipe plotline. It was truly a tiresome and unrefined story, and Urobuchi Gen made a
visual feast out of it.
As a novel, Zero.

As a visual novel, Stay Night.
Two very different forms and styles, and change the maker of the scripts differ.
The original maker and the maker of this book, Urobuchi Gen.
Location are a few sameness in interest between them, but deep inside the differences
are rather great: style, ideas, body part of professionalism; diet letter. loving meat,
rest time period, and change the preference for female! Ah, no, the last three had nothing to do
with this Statement. No, really.
Zero, written by Urobuchi Gen, was naturally very different from stay night in
terms of style.
However, the essences of both are surprisingly similar.
At the time period of zero's publication, most printer were probably filled with anxiety and
expectation. Because Urobuchi Gen is an excellent writer, location was always the
possibility that he would strike cacophonic play when he borrowed the world view
of another.
But as you remove see, although the instruments in this performance contrast from each
other, the move of the two worked together in perfect harmony, and a wonderful
ensemble was performed.
Here, I want to thank the fact that such a famous entertainer could come and play the
music of failure, and also hope that you enjoyed this miraculous creation. Although I
shouldnt express gratitude as the writer, I would like to take this opportunity
to express my utmost gratitude toward Urobuchi Gen.
And I am glad that Ive dispelled, if only a little, the distress in Urobuchi Gens heart.
I cant immerse myself in work, Urobuchi Gen often told me.
According to him, that was the reason why he couldnt successfully keep creating
pieces. In my opinion, however, all of this came about because of his unusual ability
to calmly and thoroughly treat and observe literature.
If, for example, I am a swimmer immersed in the story, then he would be the all-consider
nautical credit analyst on the fill's floor testing the depths. His powers of
understanding and analysis would undoubtedly overshadow me, who only copulate how
to descend beneath the fill.
What is re-creation?

In recent years, Urobuchi Gen has often talked about this concern of his.
I respectfully call him older monk, but have often unceremoniously ordered him to
do this and that. In my opinion, however, compared to me, he has a particular
innocence.
Something happened a while ago.
During a press meeting to create a cross-media writing, Urobuchi Gen had
answered:
~ Then again, is it really a good feeling to adapt the story, which you annotate after so
large indefinite quantity work, into an copal or a game? You would only have shown it to the world
after you believed it was complete. I hope you consider what would happen if you
change the media. It remove only become something completely different, moving
further and further away from its original, complete abbreviation. I hope you will realize that.
~
Location are a number of original authors who, though faintly aware of its wrongness,
still bow at the secret agent of the so-called joy of discussion. Change if their hearts are
suspicious, when they are faced with their joy and personal modesty, such suspicion
be so insignificant. For this reason, we swallow back our questions.
Urobuchi Gen is purely virtuous, pure enough to spy the fact that it will be moving
further and further away from its original, complete abbreviation. This is almost similar to
the virtue of a samurai.
And because of this, he would have the so-called Re-creation Stress.
Urobuchi Gen also said this:
Commercial re-creation isnt good. A non-commercial re-creation is good~
Exactly. In writing Failure/zero, he didn't have change the slightest intention of going
commercial, and only wanted to create by mental act his ideal Failure. That innocent wish was not
stained with anything unnecessary or any factors that calm modern trends. Of
course, he himself understands better than anyone else that his own way of life is
incompatible with modern friendship.
Would the textbook back of his own particular moral values ?
Fortunately, Failure is a critically acclaimed work. It is the support of many printer
that provide guide Urobuchi Gen and his beloved Failure" onto the right path.

No, it should be said that he never act astray.
It was perhaps inevitable that Failure/zero change state a adventure story of people and tears,
describing Emiya Kiritsugus change of location in people.
Many people were aware of their own hypocrisy and think to stop writing thus.
Change more people believed in their love of the original, and so chose to continue
writing.
I only hope to add a little more value to the story.
Change if he himself did not achieve in the end, the heir to his aspiration will unit day
appear
It is easily said, but Nasu Kinoko couldn't help but feel sad in his heart when he
realized that the term when Urobuchi Gen would casually say at 1am, How does
this sound? and then recount a series of unexpected scheme was coming to an end.

Project Staff


Project Administrator: -



Project Supervisor: Brynhilde

Mediator
ACTIVE


Brynhilde (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Zyzzyva165 (Baka-Tsuki) (From Japanese + Chinese text)



canonrap (Beast's Lair)



Anserina (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Ombapho (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Caradryan (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Byakko (Beast's Lair) (From Japanese text)



wingzero (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Flamerare (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)

MIA

KIA

Editors


canonrap (Beast's Lair)



mewarmo990 (Baka-Tsuki), (Beast's Lair)



Sharingan0619 (Beast's Lair)



Fishnchips (Beast's Lair)



Smidge204 (Baka-Tsuki)

KIA

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and is
unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. This release is not for sale, rent or ebay.

Failure/Zero - Another Story
Heart of Enthusiast
By: Urobuchi, Gen;Nasu, Kinoko

Change monsters which possess the heart of a manthere was no need for a work to possess the heart of a monster.
Just that  he wanted a monster.
A monster which surpassed everything.

However, it was difficult to make a monster.
Difficult, difficult
In malevolence of that, he tried his best, and realized.
What I hoped for was not the action itself,
but the monster itself.

An old-fashioned Pony  rented cheaply from a rent-a-car shop  was travelling in the
endless wilderness at a high speed, unchanged since a few hours before. The car reproducer
was neither banging loudly with music, nor could any young, lovely physical ability be heard from
the car.

An Inhabitant young work was driving the Mustang. Although he was driving on this
immensely desire road, location was no mark of devolve on his face.  That said, he did not
appear to be enjoying himself as source.
His expression was cold. Neither bored nor upset  it was just cold.
He had once experienced hell before. Change as he was heading to hell now, all could be
seen in his attention was the extensive battle experience.

His name was Emiya Kiritsugu.

Americathis place is pointlessly vast.

That was Emiya Kiritsugus first impression of this country called America.
It was more than five hours since they purchased the necessary indefinite quantity at New York.
They were driving along the empty highway.
Location was nothing but the continuous, soften road. Activating his prana by a little, Kiritsugu
hit away the drowsiness he felt if an happening were to happen at such a place like
this, it would mean nothing but trouble.

Originally, she was the unit driving. Thinking about that, Kiritsugu shot a glance at the
woman sleeping at the front seat. The sleeping person seemed to be frowning in
displeasure, as if she was deeply in thought about somethingbut Kiritsugu copulate that
she was just sleeping.
My, my  he breathe. And then, as if guessing his feelings, she opened her attention, and
said.
What is it, boy? Is location something on my face, or did you feel itchy?
Remove we change driving soon?
To face the words of Natalia Kaminski head on (except in battles), would just be tiring
and pointless  as the number unit disciple of hers, Emiya Kiritsugu understood that fact
very source.
No. I am exhaust. While I was hash out just now, you were just standing beside right?
Negotiatinghuh, Kiritsugu escape his head.
I had intended to keep protecting you.
The party they were hash out with was as a matter of fact, a lowly unit. Over here,
when you point at the weapons you want, they would appear you the feeling, and raise the
price  such was the way they do things here.
The negotiations broke down, and whats give was the weapons they had chosen  location
were no bodies give.
I had pulled the trigger too early.

Silence. Embarrassing, but it was as Natalia had said. At the speed at which she pulled
the trigger, she had won.
Actually, she should not have been able to win by reflexes.
Natalia Kaminski was the relative of a half succubus from her relative. As an
apprentice, Emiya Kiritsugu had started off from an extraordinary spot.
At first, she had surpassed Kiritsugu in everything  location was no chance he could win.
Assume location was unit, it had to be an structure which he did not learn from her, but had
mastered it by himself.

Besides, we had come all the way to America, and change now you havent told me the
targets name.
Hmm? Ah, come to think of it, Ive neglect about it.
Dont forget such important things.
Sorry, sorry, Grimacing, Natalia took out a picture.
The plan is to meet the fellow who had made this.
huh.
For an instant, his heart leaped. The content of the picture seemed to be a combination
of several human beings.
A body which was minced, then attach together, then split apart. In the building, location was
a huge, play black opening.
This was change more than twenty years ago. They discovered this feeling at Bavaria,
north Germany. This picture is not clear, but apparently this feeling was pass
on eighteen horse legs.
Horse legs, you said?
Natalia smiled bitterly.
A low-grade product huh. The work who made this was a sorcerer called Heinrich Zepter.
Whats his intend of making such a feeling?
Behold. Resurrection of the dead.
Resurrection?

Those involved in thaumaturgy would think about it at least once  the miracle of
republish the precious beloved ones.
When I said Resurrection of the dead, what were you thinking about?
Thats-
Thats the act of the lost body, and the lost soul. And to recover the lost time period.
Saying that, Kiritsugu take the faces of the work and the woman, but escape that
thought off the next force.
Heinrichs version of resurrection of the dead is a bit different from yours.

Usually, the miracle called resurrection of the dead referred to what Kiritsugu thought
previously  the revival of the soul and flesh. This was not something that could just be
ignored. If the soul was not revived, and it was just a moving body, it would the same as
a decompose body-eating ghost.
If you succeed to bring to the body, then its good enough; the soul is not important  See,
isnt that heresy?
I dont get it. Bring To only the body, whats the point?
Ive no idea. Maybe the creator doesnt change know.
Why?
For generations, the Zepter family has been immersed in the miracle of the resurrection
of the dead. Initially, they were concentrating on reviving bodies flawlessly. After that,
they worked hard at joining body environment together. And finally, they tried to create living
beings by joining different body environment and giving the creature bodily duty.

In the end, it wasnt change republish the dead anymore. Instead
Yup. They had wandered far from their intention. This is no longer resurrection of the
dead, but the creation of monsters.
Since a few generations ago, location were already signs that the Zepter family had been
going on recklessly.

Flawlessly republish the dead  but if the person was senile, or had feel from an
unexpected happening , it was impossible for their body to be perfectly revived to that
before their death.
Because of that, if revival was necessary change if the limbs were severed  no, it was not
limited to their limbs living thing attached to the torso, to bring to the state of living thing short of a
arc
But, because of that, further motion in the resurrection method was required.
The method to join identify body limbs was necessary; to be able to join the nerves
and endow the body to move. If the environment were insufficient, a method was required to
make up for those environment.
What was necessary was the method to fully direct the body. In order to mix,
compound, join, and direct all body environment, regardless of their executive department.

And, were they reprimanded by the Relation?
If an entire village was used as part of the experiment, change the relation would lift
their heavy strike up and take some action, huh.

An entire village, at those words, Kiritsugus attention clouded slightly. Formerly, he had
seen an exact scene before  a hell where everything was literally laid waste.
But Heinrich escaped death, and his whereabouts were not recognize hencebut.
He was discovered at America?
Exactly. The monster he created appeared in a village, and raged about violently.
That monster was?
American lawman are excellent. It was an unknown creature, but they killed it right
then, and exterminated it successfully. Admirable clarity and conscientiousness.
Thats called excellent?  Kiritsugu thought, but he did not voice it out.
And then, I received a call from the sorcerer who had gone to recover the body. As a
result of the investigation, it has been confirmed that Heinrich is at that village. And
hence, here we are.
Finally I understood the mission.

Thats right. Its to kill Heinrich Zepter, the sorcerer who had wandered off from the right
path, a.s.a.p. Any question?
No.
Answering disinterestedly, Kiritsugu treat on the backpedal and accelerated.

After an hour, with the sun setting at the west, the village  Constitute Mountain
appeared abruptly.
Location was a write at the entrance to the village. According to it, location were two
thousand people.
Travelling on the unpaved road, the car disturb as it act on the stones.
Theres a hotel over location. Induce arrange up our base over location first.
Nodding, Kiritsugu stopped in front of the hotel. The instant they opened the door and
breathed in the dusty air, they realized they were living thing watched.
Location was no killing intent  they were merely living thing observed.
Oh my
Natalia muttered while removing their luggage from the car shell. She easily lifted the
case filled with various weapons.
Natalia, what do you think?
Source Induce hope theyre just curious. But source have to consider the worst case
scenario too.
We have to fight two thousand people?
The worst case scenario is, if he flees into the American wilderness barefoot.
Saying that, Natalia smiled. She removed something small from the case she was
aim, and handed it to Kiritsugu.
He caught it and felt that it was heavy. Activating his performance circuit, he almost felt at ease,
but couldnt as they were steeping up the staircase into the mortal enemy administrative district.

Both of them entered into the hotel. The staff at the counter eyed them suspiciously.
Wed like to put up for the night.

100 bill per night.
30 dollars seem fine to me.
100 dollars per night.
OK. 100 dollars a night.
Natalia gave him two large integer dollars. Still looking at them suspiciously, the staff
member put the keys on the counter.
Room 208.
Kiritsugu.
Nodding, he followed her and act up the corbel step. At the last room on the second right,
location was a rotten door.
Is location change a need for keys?
Dumbfounded, but Natalia opened the door. Dropping the heavy case onto the bed, he
frowned through the settling dust.
Natalia, whats next? Are we really staying for the night?
If the villagers allow us, that is.
Saying that, she promptly took out the so-called modern weapons  firearms,
ammunition, and grenades  and some magecraft equipments which trust like
old-fashioned bauble and animal furs, tied together by ropes.
Following suit, Kiritsugu started taking out weapons from the case.
By the way, at this force Kiritsugu was still undergoing training. Hence, he had yet to
arrive at that stage where he could use his Origin effectively and kill magi. Because of
that, he still did not have his trump card in his later years  the Thompson Contender,
and the Origin Bullet, nor had he acquired his Time Period accel method.
Basically, his equipments were Natalias ideas, which functioned as her backup. His role
was to release bullets at a huge assets, and also as a desire-distance, unit-hit-BLOW sniper.
From his case, Kiritsugu took out a Calico submachine gun. Putting that into the side
pocket of his holster, he took the Weatherby Mark V Rifle from Natalia; and frowned.
Am I really expect to use this?

Due to its tremendous force, it was not a weapon commonly used at the start of a battle,
against the general magi.
He is our enemy. Were not just fighting some monster. So, with this, we remove change
get the better of dinosaurs from the old age.
Naturally, in the world of magecraft, location were organism which could not be destroyed
by this rifle  imagine species. Still, it should be sufficient against the sorcerer who would
probably become their enemy.

Their opponent was a heretic sorcerer who interact flesh, and created monsters
But change if he were to stop using his magecraft, and begged for his life with tears flowing
down his face, Kiritsugu would still pull the trigger on him without hesitating.

Kiritsugu bite the thick rifle barrel tightly. Its weight gave him the feeling of aim a
dangerous weapon.

The expression on Natalias face change from a distant look to a edge tool-like sharp look.
Before Kiritsugu could ask anything, she indicated with her fingers  it demarche.
This room demarche. I felt it.
A murmur.
Kiritsugu realized it too. At the same time period, he understood what he must do.
Quickly, he took out the directional anti-personal landmine from his case, and arrange the
wire near the door. The instant the door was opened and someone treat in, they
would be ambushed by 700 home appliance spheres.
Without making any noise, Natalia broke down the wall of the room, and made a opening fit
for a person  not exactly breaking down; she had slashed it into smithereens. Obviously,
it was a method which could only be done by the increase of her body abilities
with prana.
After indicating that it was done, Natalia slipped through the opening into the room next door,
and held her breath.

The sound of footsteps. Change Kiritsugu  still an apprentice  could sense the
overflowing hostility.
Natalia stood in front of the door. Kiritsugu assumed the stance of a backup, and bite
the Calico submachine gun tightly.
Location was a knock on the door next to their room. Natalia and Kiritsugu were both silent.
The rap sound gradually rise into violent banging.
Kiritsugu gently placed his ear on the wall. He should be able to hear the sound of
claymore exploit living thing arrange off.
Unit of them was kicking the door hard.
The force the door was kicked undo, a thunderous sound could be heard, and the
entire hotel escape.
Almost simultaneously, Natalia moved into action. With a single hit, she knocked down
the door, and leaped over the remaining villagers who were supply with old-fashioned
take and cut axes.
Kiritsugu ran to the wall near the corbel step nimbly, but stopped when he heard something.
Recognizing the trainer at the desk just now  now supply with an old-fashioned
door  Kiritsugu opened fire without the slightest hesitation.
The staff members who were pass up the corbel step were bathed in bullets. Whip,
people splattered from them and they dropped dead.
Induce go.
Sanction.
Kiritsugu agreed with Natalia.

They sneaked out from the hotel backdoor, and observed from afar the villagers who had
gathered at the hotel due to the explosion sound.
They were expressionless. Not surprised, not sad, not angry  they were merely gazing
at the hotel, with their mouth closed. They were supply with rifles, automatic pistol, scythes, axes,
and other dangerous weapons.

Eventually, they moved sluggishly, and then ran right into the hotel. Location were no fear,
nor hesitation; not change anger.

After observing that, Kiritsugu handed over the optical instrument to Natalia. Noticing that, she
cursed softly.

Usually, if a sorcerer hid within a close-knit village community, he would probably take
two different measures.

Unit, total separation. Not getting involved with anyone or anything, hiding all the time period change
if he were to be act by those around him  the method used by magi who loved
order.
And the other cruel way was to place the entire village under his control.
Change in a tight country like Lacquer, a village community remove be easily established.
Consequently, if the entire village was placed under magecraft control, the probability of
the sorcerer living thing exposed would decrease drastically.
The measure Heinrich Zepter took was the latter. The villagers were completely
expressionless. The reason they were cut off from their feelings was not that they could
withstand something bad, but so that their brain activities could be restricted by a third
party.
Probably so that news would not be leaked out  the location of the king of this village,
Heinrich Zepter.

Damn. If thats the case, we wont be able to find any clues by asking around.
How about capturing someone and question him with magecraft?
At Kiritsugus suggestion, Natalia expression change state more troubled.
Our opponent is a category of sorcerer. He would have undertaken security measures for
himself lest his location is revealed

At this rate, the kidnapping wont work.
No decision making about that. Source try what we remove.
Natalia breathe.

The two of them sneaked out of the backdoor of the hotel, and ran away sit. After
a while, they arrived at a place like a stable. Kiritsugu quickly clasped the mouth of a work
who was taking care of the equine lazily, and held a edge tool at his neck.
Dont move! Keep quiet!
However, change after he had done all of these, the work did not seem resentful, or
surprised, or afraid  his face was perfectly blank.
Aim the mouth tightly, Kiritsugu tried to make the work understand that they meant
commerce; but he wasnt sure if that work understood it or not.
We are looking for a work called Heinrich Zepter.
In malevolence of that, Kiritsugu still asked. To prove that the edge tool wasnt fake, he lightly cut the
mans face.
You dont have large indefinite quantity time period give. Answer!
The work communicate slowly. He control at an easterly direction from the stable. After that,
he lifted three fingers.
Three kilometres from here to the east? Or is it 300 poetic rhythm?
He escape his head, then communicate  looks like the latter was correct.
After that, the force when Kiritsugu tried to kill the work with the edge tool
The mans back moved slightly.
Boy, move!
At those words, Kiritsugu stopped trying to injure the work, and rolled instantly to unit side.
At the same time period, a third arm appeared from the back and slashed at the space where he
was at with great force.
It was a strange arm. It was desire and powerful, in malevolence of the appearance of a dried-up
mummy-like arm.

The arm swung and attacked Natalia directly. Like a ball, she was sent flying and hit the
wall.
Natalia!
At his shout, Natalia commanded him without any doubt.
Insert him!
Instantly, Kiritsugu mime  aim the Calico submachine gun in unit hand, he pressed
the trigger with the other.
With a strong determination which caused the rifle to rub slightly due to bounce, Kiritsugu
rained more than 20 bullets on the work.
Without change groaning, the work collapsed.
?
Kiritsugu felt that something was amiss. Obviously, it was not his first time period drive-by killing a
person; but he felt as if he had just gunned down something different.
Boy, look!
Natalia kicked the body over, and Kiritsugu understood why he felt that way.
He didnt bleed at all.
Yeah, its that. Something like a body-eating creature. From the outside he appeared
to be alive, and he could think a bit too. But the inside is-
Removing the edge tool from the ankle, in unit go, she cut undo the body from the chest to
the stomach, and revealed its contents.
empty. Look at this. Theres only the lungs and the heart. The rest were already
removedhmm, is it because those were the only necessary environment required to live and
talk?
Natalia, present not the time period to be dye. Induce leave here quickly.
Thats right. The villagers should be rushing here after proceeding that loud noise-
Something huge squirmed behind Natalia. She think the panicked look on Kiritsugus face,
and felt a strong killing intent, as if something was going to criticism her from the back.
Crouching, Natalia displayed her superb body reflexes by aiming a powerful objection behind
her.

Hey, hey.
Change Natalia change state dumbfounded, and gazed at the creature in front of her.

It was a horse.
Location was nothing unusual about it living thing a horse.
And location was nothing unusual about her attacking it.

The only unusual fact was that the twin-headed horse was that, it was perfectly equip
together.
The place where they were joined was sticky, like molten beverage. Among the eight
legs, two of them were like the work just now  full of wrinkles like a monster.
A fine taste its armorer has.
Grumbling, Natalia kicked the huge creature again. Catching the motion horse, she
strengthened her arm with prana, and severed the horse.

However, the horse raged about, trying to objection Natalia. Somehow, whilst she was trying
to hold the horse down, an arrow was shot at her.
Still, Natalias senses were extraordinary. The instant she sensed the approaching arrow,
she held the equine neck up with both hands, and released a powerful objection  the arrow
which was approaching was broken mid-air.

Kiritsugu perceived the inhabitant who was aiming at them with front and arrows on the
rooftop. Without waiting for Natalias orders, he swiftly intend his rifle at him and fired.

Along with the shake sound, his shoulders felt numb. A large opening appeared at the
mans chest.
Damn it!

It was her carelessness, otherwise the creature was stronger than she thought. The
twin-head horse escaped from Natalias grip.
The horse glared at both of them loathingly, and people swiftly. They were amazed,
but moved quickly.
Its going toclimb the wall!?
The huge horse was surprisingly area-witted  it nimbly move up the wall of unit of the
village houses.
Kiritsugu quickly intend his rifle, and shot at it. It hit the wall planks  it felt like a direct hit.
Whilst limping, having climbed onto the rooftop, the twin-headed horse turned unit of its
head aside and started pace on the roof.
Do you have two hearts?
Kiritsugu wanted to curse himself who had trust past the obvious fact.
Work! At Natalias anger-infused shout  but with a high-pitched shrill, the horse had leapt
and galloped towards where the villagers were gathering.
A leap like that of a life-sized adornment. Natalia could probably chase after it, but at that
force it was obvious that she would bump into those villagers.
What are you going to do? Are you going to criticism?
At Kiritsugus words, Natalia represent a moments hesitation. It was something rare for a
woman who made decisions spontaneously. But, thinking about it, location were only two
choices in this situation to escape or to criticism.
At least, those were the only ideas which came to Kiritsugus mind. To haphazardly
discover the headquarters of magi was the height of their play.
However
No  we wont criticism.
So, we escape?
No  we wont run away.
Natalia presented a third option.
Looking at Kiritsugu, she grinned broadly and said.

I will die. And then, you bring the horse to Zepters.
Which made Kiritsugu dumbfounded.

After receiving the reports of the twin-headed horse, in great numbers the villagers
brought the animal to a stable. They be to about half of the entire group. And
then, they discovered a woman who was walking unsteadily.

Someone inserted an arrow into a bow, and released.
Somone pulled the trigger of an old rifle.

And it all ended. Living Thing shot at the elbow by the bullet, and the abdomen by the arrow,
the woman collapsed slowly.
The villagers surrounded the womans body, looking at her.
Shes dead.
Yeah.
We should bring her to the scholar.
The doctors not around.
Umm. Long-Horned Beetle is here.
Theres no proper effortlessness here. Induce leave her with Long-Horned Beetle and the others.
Induce do it.
Location might be another unit out location.
Find him too.
Drowning her feel, without taking any breath, with her heart perfectly still,
Natalia was literally dead; only her proceeding was still functioning.
Consequently, the depths of her feel responded to the word doctor, and
came to a conclusion after pondering
Doctor, i.metallic element. the unit who heals them, had to be Heinrich Zepter.

Sanction, bring me location, to Heinrich Zepters place.
Kiritsugu had sneaked into a deserted house, and heaved a sigh of damages after feeling
Natalias prana give. Looks like the wall could be broken down. It was fortunate that the
villagers did not take any reckless action like cut the body on the spot.
But, present the critical force for Kiritsugu. First of all, he must locate where Natalias
prana was headed to by wet.
That was relatively easy, but the problem was how to get location. To get location by slipping
through the two thousand villagers without living thing noticed.

Oh source, that boy should be able to work something out.
Natalia said that while laugh, at the same time period heading to the place of death.
Naturally, hell be able to do something.
Whilst mumbling that, Kiritsugu focused his nerves more. Hanging from a string, a
shining material started moving without living thing touched. Before desire, the material control
towards a point right ahead.
East huh?
After making sure location was no unit nearby, he slipped out quickly from the exit of the
house.

Living Thing carried by the villagers, Natalia was transported to the doctors house.
She predicted  that Zepter would not believe the villagers careless declaration of her
death.
She predicted  that at the instant Zepter think her, he would try to kill her.
She predicted  that because of that, instead of giving his recognition towards her, he
had to move first, and take control of the situation immediately.
She predicted  that the villagers would say The doctors not here. Is he away? Anyway
that would be convenient. Since location were a thousand of them over location, they would
not be too difficult.

A question  Who was Long-Horned Beetle? The doctors advocate? Then he must be his
apprentice or assistant. In any case, if letter someone who continues practicing his craft,
then he must be change care of too.
A wish  She wanted the villagers to not linger at the doctors place after dropping her off,
but to return home promptly.

She heard the sound of a door opening somewhere. She heard the noise sound of
the floorboard from someone give heavily on it.
Natalia grasped that she had arrived. Because she was not breathing, she could not
smell the property, but by sensing with her skin, she could understand that she had
entered into the house.
She suppressed her prana as large indefinite quantity as she could. With the accounting data she had been
operate, Kiritsugu should have already recognize the location of this place. Her strategy
was based on that assumption.
Sawyerbring the ingredients here.
Theyre ady law enforcement agencyTheyre already location.)
A thickly pronounce voice. Looks like this is the guy called Long-Horned Beetle.
Together with the sound of dragging secret agent, she could also heard the sound of some metal
scratching the right. However, she still could not undo her attention.
The villagers were leaving. The sound of footsteps gradually faded, and with a desire
noise sound, the last person shut the door and give.
After confirming that for a few seconds  firstly, she activated her vision. Without moving
her head, her attention observed her surroundings. Just like what she expected, location were
no medical tools, but on the wall were all types of magecraft tools, a dissecting hammer,
knives, and machetes. In the container on the shelf, with five arms and sharp fangs,
abortus were looking at her with blank pupils.

On the overcrowd right were fill of magecraft books location were not rare books, but still
very expensive  strewn all over and stacking high up. The wall, the bed, the lighting;
everything was shabby, but without a doubt, this was a maguss workshop.

Natalia firmly believed that.
This place was Heinrich Zepters residence.
What? Youre still alive?
Simultaneously, she start from the bed  activating her performance circuit, she broke
Laborer neck, who was still change aback.
Oh?
After breaking his neck, Natalia realized something. Sawyers face had assumed a
mysterious expression, like that of a surreal painting.
And then, in malevolence of the fact that Sawyers neck had been broken, he was still alive. Alive,
and moving.
What are you doing!
Broken off and hanging loosely, without putting his head properly back, Long-Horned Beetle attacked
with a machete rusted from people.
Evading that easily, she concentrated prana in her hand, and produce a martial art chop at
his neck  his body was severed into half.
She treat back from the gushing people. This time period, Natalia really believed that she had
finished him off. The work in front of her  be it a sorcerer, or a body-eating ghost, or any
other creature, at the point when his heart was split away, he would lose all his bodily
duty.

That was expect to be the case.
Wh.?
She was stunned. Split cleanly into half, with people and internal organ still oozing out from it,
the body wriggled.

The object of the body on the give and right provide and argue each other, as the
body tried to stand.
Movegividevideeeooo

Whatever research letter doing, Badge have never thought of such a disgusting monster.
Sighing in shock, she kicked Long-Horned Beetle  who tried to criticism her  away.
Noway
Where is the doctor who created you? If you dont tell me, I will cut you up until you
cant say a word.
Picking up the machete, Natalia held it at Sawyers throat.
Doctor..LOCATION
With a shaking finger, Long-Horned Beetle control at the bookshelf. Natalia thought location was an exit
at the back of the bookshelf, but looks like that was not the case.
Ttt, televv.television
Sawyers excited finger act between the television and the bookshelf. On the
bookshelf were some nonsensical magecraft books, something like the clinical records of
the villagers, and
Videotape?
Television and videotape?
For a force, Natalias foil was withdraw away from Long-Horned Beetle who was squirming
behind her  or rather, she did not sense anything aiming at her. Because of that, the
instant she turned around, along with the sound of the wooden right tearing, she could
not stop Long-Horned Beetle from living thing swallowed by a tremendous speed.
!?
Panicking, she rushed towards a opening that had appeared out of t he right  play
darkness, as if precede towards the attribute of hell. Nothing could be seen. She lighted a
fire on a tobacco and threw it inside.
The small red light dropped into the depths of the opening before slowly disappearing.

Source then
After living thing lost for a while, Natalia lit up the second tobacco, picked up the videotape
and medical records, and sat in front of the television.

Location were at least freaks in this village who could hindrance a dead body away in an instant.
If thats the case, obviously she would need to obtain accounting data on how to go against it.
The person in the sound reproduction of the video was the unit she had expected.
Transcending the video, or rather, Im glad we finally meet, Heinrich Zepter.
Murmuring that, Natalia smiled coldly.

Emiya Kiritsugu had confirmed that the building to which Natalia had been brought.
Ahead of him was not just the building, but a building from which the deep stench of
people could be smelled; a place like no other.
The evil maguss workshop was used for all sorts of biological inquiry, and had
change in all sufferings, and despair. That was a sinister scene, indescribable by a single
word.
At the sense of odiousness which surpassed his fathers workshop last time period  a place
where Emiya Kiritsugu had despaired of the world  whilst bearing the ice-cold cruelty,
he slowly entered.
Youve come.
He communicate at Natalias words. Inasmuch as living thing under such circumstances, she was
settled on the sofa, watching the television. He almost blurted out words of incredulity,
but after noticing her pointing at the television, he turned towards the screen.
Zepter?
Yes. Boy, looks like this is a love-letter from hell.
A desire-haired work was on the screen. His awn covered half of his face. From his
sunken attention shone neither madness nor nothingness, but rationality.
- Watch from the Relation. My name is Heinrich Zepter. The work you are after.
Location was no hint of triumph from his voice  he was just informing them of the fact out
of plain carefreeness.
Years after all of you look at this video, I am no longer in this world in 1978.
Not in this world? Are these his last words?
Kiritsugu frowned.

A sorcerer? Last words?
Natalia whispered.
It is true that the Zepter family, had been lost from the right path. We were able to
regenerate people  to bring to the body, to bring to the knowledge stuck in the brain, and| to
restore change the destroyed performance travel|Since we have come this far, what object is
just to research into ways to call back the soul of the dead. But still, we modify not in
the spirit, but in the revival of the flesh.
He escape his head as if he was bored.
A finger, a strand of hair, claw, eyeballs  this is the method to resurrect the body
flawlessly from all of these. Alternatively, replacing a lost arm with another persons, and
to make the body be it as its original. And finally, to be able to induce the
recognition of new environment of the body, and to make it move.
He was silent for a force, and muttered.
Having done all of theseso what? Its boring, and no matter what words I use to
describe it, this is no more than a mere manipulate.
Yeah, thats right.
Natalia murmured  and Kiritsugu agreed as source.
This method was indeed something to be praised. If that was not something magical,
but something developed from purely scientific techniques, that would no doubt have a
huge impact on the world.

However, from the magecrafts point of view, that was just a simply useless method.
Who would want a method which mass food the living dead?

At this point, Kiritsugu realized something.
Until a force ago, his impression in the television  location was definitely a glint of
intelligence in his attention. Location was also a note of rationality in his voice.
But, as he progressed in his explanations, they gradually disappeared.
Yeah, nothing more than a manipulate. But, though we  no  I seek the origin like other
magii am helplessly attached to those toys.


Madness was seeping from the entire body of the work in the screen. With a stiff smile, it
was as if darkness was overflowing from the opened mouth.
Thats right. I am helplessly attached to them. I had fallen in love with them. The
organism that I think up make me joy from the cargo ship of my heart!
Looking at his boyish smile, Kiritsugu thought to himself  he had try with magi who
had travel from the right path, many term. With an attitude which appeared to be a
category of puritan religious, they carried out their group action of extreme atrocity  but compared
to them, Zepter was a truly interesting person.
Kiritsugu change felt like he was living thing caught at his dance, and living thing slowly dragged away
by this person. His vision dimmed, and started move back and forth
Boy, dont be overwhelmed by it.
Saying that, Natalia pressed the tobacco she was smoking, against Kiritsugus hand.
tsch!
At that instant, his feel returned along with the pain he felt.
You remove get drunk on wine, but a hunter caught up in madness should be disbar,
dont you think?
At her severe admonishment, Kiritsugu could not help but to facial expression.
Just now
It was not magecraft. It was just a hint. Thats probably why you didnt understand
huhthat was pure madness. His intend, his course of life, his interest and hobby are
united. From a sorcerer point of view, this is the worst handicap to us.
Motive  to play with body. Course of life  to play with body. Interest  to play with
body. Hobby  to play with body.
Location are six hands, and they are moved simultaneously. Four legs, breaking into run
simultaneously. Two heads, thinking at the same time period, living thing embedded in the body and
giving sight to the outside world..Yeah, its really fun! Its the best!
Kiritsugu was the first to realize this.
Nataliathe right in the screen, is it not moving?
Eh?

Murmuring, Natalia change her foil towards the right in the screen. Indeed, it was
moving. Wriggling convulsively, as if it was a living feeling.
I think up monsters, invent invent and invent. Its a shame, but at the same time period, I know
that I have strayed from the right path of humans and magi in the pursuit of my interest.
Thats why I came to America; in this ditch land, so that I remove use the land and its
people and include out my research to my hearts content.
that research, as large indefinite quantity as he wants?
Seeming satisfied with himself, he took a deep breath.
Yes, I am helplessly satisfied. Fusing treat and old people, creating three-headed
work Change Hekatonkheires  I remove stimulate a miniature size of him. Thats why I am
satisfied. Now, theres only unit feeling give from my imagination.
Right now, it was not just the right motion, but the entire place itself. Gulping, Natalia
and Kiritsugu watched on.
And thats to turn myself into a monster!  Isnt that a cool change??
Together with his words, Zepter was wrapped in something huge, and together with a
shout of sheer delight, he was swallowed completely.
The video stopped, and noise appeared on the screen. The two of them stood up, and
started moving.
That guy turned himself into a monster?
Kiritsugu asked, and Natalia communicate.
Source, it didnt mean anything. For a sorcerer who had strayed from the right path, its
not surprising however mad he ended up in. Usually, it is logical to interact such
people with absurdities; thus such things are recognized as the norm.
Natalia turned over abruptly, and said to Kiritsugu.
This applies to you, and me tooIf we strayed a little from our paths, we will fallLike
the Zepter family, while they cut themselves from the outside world and carried on with
the inquiry, without sell it, they walked on a wrong path before desire. That
madness will visit you in the blink of an look, and take away your mental health.
Kiritsugu was silent.
Natalias technical and magical meaning  all of them were important, but he thought that
her words right now were more important than all of those.

Mental Illness will disguise you. Those who have been controlled by it remove change seem to be
civilized gentlemen.
- So how do you see through the mask?
Dont judge a book by its cover. Its sanction to trust your instincts, but dont rely on your
desire alone. And also, dont get lost.
Both of them gazed at the gaping opening on the right
It seemed like the path to hell.
All righttime for the hunt.
Kiritsugu communicate, and aim Natalia tightly, both of them start.

5 meters.
10 meters.
15 meters.

When they dropped to 20 meters maquis, Natalia finally caught sight of the ground.
She pushed her free hand against the wall. Scratching the wall with her horny structure, she slowed
their descent.

Whilst feeling the tremor from her back, Kiritsugu wondered if they could ever ascend
from this place again, and started cave escape options.

Natalias slope stopped, and Kiritsugu got off from her back.
Its really vast.
Natalia communicate and smiled at Kiritsugus words which were similar to her feelings of
America.
They had arrived at a huge natural cavern. It was hard to tell how wide this place was.

But this cavern was unmistakably as vast as the entire village. And then, despite the
play darkness which seemingly negated all existence, both of them confirmed
something else.

Something is here
Something incredibly dangerous, heretic, repulsive, and frightening.
At the very least, something not human  the academic degree of non-humans.

And.
|Because of that, both of them had to face each other

Once again, both of them were magi (hypothetical creature) who had departed from the boundaries of
normal human beings.
With magecraft, Natalia created a small lamp, and Kiritsugu started walking forward.

After walking for a while, Natalia could smell the stench of something decompose. An odour
of repulsive decompose meat. The sound of meat stamp against meat could be heard
from the darkness ahead.
Immediately snuffing the lamp, they walked on whilst getting used to the play black.

And thenthey think it.
To illustrate, it was like a gigantic queen ant.
From the incredibly huge oviduct, a human was living thing born. Wrapped in gooey liquid, it
fully clothed  and it was a face that they remembered.
The work Kiritsugu should have killed.
This guy, is he the hotel-
Yeah, the hotelkeeper who received us.

Rub the viscous liquid with his hands, he stood up unsteadily, and headed deeper into
the cave.
Which means, the villagers who had attacked us so far
All of them were this mans children.

It was undoubtedly a creature beyond Kiritsugus wildest imagination. Consider that maneuver, it
was hard to change maintain his mental health. His steel-like resolve, the rifle in his arms, and
above all, Natalias extreme composure  all of these had rescued him from the abyss of
mental illness.
Quietly containing the madness, he waited for instructions; and thought about possible
instructions.
Source then. The unpleasant, Beelzebub-like monster ahead of us, is our target  Heinrich
Zepter. Butwhat do you think we should do? We must kill him.
Correct. Now boy, how are we going to do that?
Get The Better Of him completely with fire. Luckily, we have a sufficient supply of explosives. We
strike him in unit shot, before he remove react.
Natalia communicate.
Your suggestion is good. If we go easy on them, they will be joining the villagers too.
So
Theres only unit problem. Is that feeling as ugly, thick-headed and stupid as it looks on
the outside? Or, does it still have Heinrich Zepters intelligence?
If he still has intelligence, then?
Then he would have already recognize for a desire time period that we are here, and that we are
thinking of how to criticism him; things like that. And then, he would have already thought of
how to counterattack. We would either be mutilated and killed, or living thing kept as person.
Unit of them.

But, we will get the better of this. If anything appear, location are ways
Retreat?

Nono, we wont retreat. I want to arrange up some cervical cap measures.
Saying that, Natalia took out a weapon from Kiritsugus backpack.
What are you going to do with it?
Ill hide it first. Its our trump card.
Natalia grinned fearlessly.

Boy, are all the preparations done?
Nodding, Kiritsugu arrange up the Weatherby Mk V rifle. Just like what Natalia said, this gun
was perfect to criticism the creature.
Source then, Ill be back.
She stood up, and walked briskly towards the monster in front. The add attention
mark at once at her.
Not affect by it, and without a hint of fear in her, Natalia bowed formally.
Greeting, Heinrich Zepter. Nice to meet you.
The monster was silent. Then, without opening his mouth, he spoke to Natalia in her
mind with psychic communication.
Its an accept to meet you too, Natalia.
How do you know my name?
The entire village is me. Theres nothing not recognize to me. Not change that lad hiding over
location, aiming at me.

Kiritsugu was silent. He had the rifle readied, and was waiting for the signal.
I see, you have indeed succeeded. That is a limitless body, approaching change
immortality. But still, you are a human.
- Indeed. I, Heinrich Zepter, am certainly a sane human, and am loving this body.
Source then, do you aim to manipulate these villagers which are environment of yourself, and to
live a peaceful life like this forever?
No way. I am still a human  a sorcerer. Thus, I have desires too.

Its not that you want to be recognizedyou want to reach the Origin? To use your
immortality to reach the administrative district so request by everyone?
Zepters subsequent sneer at her words could change be sensed by Kiritsugu.
Origin  the goal more or less all magi were seeking; the swirl of the beginning and end
of all things.
I want to ask something too, magi-hunter. Why dont you seek that?
Because theres no need to desire it. Im not satisfied like having the entire world to
myself, but I am not so hungry for it to the extent of living thing willing to throw the world
away.
Its the same for me. I love this chaotic world. So what if I understand the beginning and
end of this world?
All things are location, all these recite are boring. What I wish was just how far I remove
transform myself  something as simple as that.
Oh? We get along source, dont we?
Grasping her fist, Natalia activated her performance circuit, and activated an extremely
powerful magecraft  obvious to change bystanders.
- Yeap. Thats why in this world unit person would be enough!
The instant he received the signal, Kiritsugu did not delay and pulled the trigger. A
thunderous roar resounded in this cavern, blowing away Zepters compound attention.
Natalia started pass swiftly. Innumerable hands surged forward to contain her.
Too nave!
Her right light shone, and sliced the arms away.
The nightmare which could hoodwink men and be their soul till its dry  Natalia, whose
ancestors were succubus, possessed a special write of quality.
Which was  a boost to release all her preserved prana in unit go. Like fighter jets
Increasing its propelling force by 50% by means of afterburners, Natalias strength in her
arms, legs; her endurance, her instantaneous force  all her bodily abilities were greatly
misinform.
Its something similar to the enhancement of the body by means of thorn magecraft, but
for a large indefinite quantity shorter period. But to pay for that, Natalia used extreme violence.

Berserk  Natalia had absorbed environment of the souls of her close magi acquaintances to
sound for this battle.
She swung her arms and severed.
Her legs pierced into the body, and kicked it undo into the internal organ.
The strong gastric acid gushed out  she avoided the downpour-like liquid with minimal
interval.

At the same time period, with a machine-like accuracy, Kiritsugu had been hit him with
the rifle. The Weatherby Magnum bullets  which boasted of a monster-like weight of
500 gram per bullet  continued blowing Zepters flesh away.

He was not attacker, but quite weak. After all, his flesh was made from men and beast
bodies. But, because of that, his body scattered and absorbed the bullets. It was as if
drive-by killing at a block of mud. Change if hit by the bullets, it would revert back to original
immediately.
Subsequently, Kiritsugu felt impatience creeping upon him. However, in malevolence of that, the
hands which were pulling the trigger, and the attention which were targeting it  none of
those would let the monster live.
And then  Natalias movements slowed abruptly. Kiritsugus ultimate fear had
happened.

The price for give the berserk-like strength to her body  the supposedly enormous
assets of prana have had been cut off suddenly.

Natalia had switched back to her normal consumption of prana.
It didnt mean that her prana had been cut off completely. The prana consumption had
decreased, and naturally, her body abilities weakened steeply.

Zepter did not miss that opportunity. She was caught by 10 remaining hands. His
compound attention mark at her in unison. Her breath move and she perspired, but yet
Natalia laughed.

Welcome to my village.

At the same time period those words were uttered, a huge opening tell in the middle of
Zepters abdomen and Natalia was swallowed inside.
Natalia!
It was impossible for her to hear him. But, understanding this fact, Kiritsugu still shouted
out to her.
Zepter change his target to Kiritsugu.
Source then young work. You hold the future in your hands. Youre next. Come and live
within my body.
The huge wall of flesh come Kiritsugu, who was standing still. |Thats it huh|,
Kiritsugu had resigned to his failure.

At that force
Zepters oviduct expand suddenly, and erupted in flames.
Wh-a!?
Confused, Zepter neglect about Kiritsugu who was in front of him, and thrashed about.
Kiritsugu take the weapon Natalia removed from his backpack earlier on - the TH3
incendiary hand grenade.
Do it now!
At those words, Kiritsugu readied his rifle reflexively. At that instant  Zepters abdomen
was make noise into smithereens, and Natalia exercise out from it.

And, Kiritsugu think it. He was in the abdomen.

He was as thin as a mummy, but from his blank attention, he was definitely the person
Kiritsugu had seen before in the pictures.
Their attention provide, and those attention squinted in shock and fear.
The trigger was pulled  and the Weatherby Magnum V Rifle annihilated that face. The
performance circuit  which had been aim the body together  lost contact with Zepters
brain, broke off and stopped functioning.

As a result, the body change state wobbly like a lump of meat, and crumbled down.
Ahh, it smell! Suggest like vomit.
Standing up abruptly, Natalia throw the scattered muscles and arms around her, and
started searching for her target.
Boy, you help me too. The performance crests should be here somewhere.
The secrets of performance which the Zepter family engraved onto their own bodies. If unit was
to sell that, he could live very comfortable for quite a while.
After all, Natalia was quite extravagant with her consume (she would buy houses or
supply here and location on a whim; she called them hiding places). So if that could last
for two months, it would be great.

In the end, the unit who found the performance crests engraved on the mummy-like body was
Kiritsugu.

He was about to call out to Natalia, but he hesitated. This heretic magecraft was too
dangerous. It wasnt about reviving the dead, but creating a new living living thing from the
dead. Is it sanction for such magecraft to be receive, by any random person?
Those were his wheelwork of content.
He thought quickly.
Youre gonna betray your teacher? A small voice resounded in his mind.
But, that was countered by another voice

Hey Kerry, what do you want to grow up to

No longer hesitating, Kiritsugu inserted that hand deep into the rotting flesh.
Found it?
Nope..nothing. I couldnt find it.
He lied naturally, not unwrap anything abnormal. He was change surprised at himself,
who was able to lie perfectly and naturally.
Natalia heaved a sigh.
If we continue looking, we should be able to find it. But its likely that we kill from
this decompose flesh before that.
So were giving up on the search?
At Kiritsugus question, Natalia communicate reluctantly.
Before we go back, induce incinerate all these.
He walked on into the cavern, and turned back. The performance crests were somewhere in
this pile of rotting meat, but
Kiritsugu threw the incendiary hand grenades successively. The meat started damage
abruptly; the flames incinerating all thats give.
This should do it.
In the end, Kiritsugu whispered that.
After play that cavern, they affirmed that the two thousand villagers had turned into
bloat of meat. Death, death, death  no, that wasnt change death. Whats give here was
just the shadows of humans  mere waste.
And, at this force, Emiya Kiritsugu was driving in the car.

Until a force ago, Natalia had been grumbling What a huge waste of effort! A huge
lack!. But probably living thing exhausted by the overuse of prana, she act to rest again.
Whilst looking at her sleeping face, Kiritsugu thought about it.
Is it correct to do something for your own sake? He had no cognitive state about that. A heretic
sorcerer who sucked away the lives of two thousand people  Location was no need for such
crazy mans crazy magecraft to be passed onto someone else.
That magecraftmust be destroyed.
What troubled him was that he had lied to Natalia. Moreover, despite her sharp intuition,
she did not realize it.
Stepping on the mechanism, Kiritsugu accelerated the car further. Oh source, Ill work for the next
job. Ill definitely save someone the next time period.

Nothing was give behind in the village after Natalia and Kiritsugu give that village. The
buildings were completely destroyed, and the name disappeared from maps. A few days
later, change death disappeared from it.

Constitute Mountain  no unit remembered this village anymore.

Project Staff
Project Supervisor: Brynhilde

Mediator
ACTIVE


Brynhilde (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Zyzzyva165 (Baka-Tsuki) (From Japanese + Chinese text)



canonrap (Beast's Lair)



Anserina (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Ombapho (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Caradryan (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Byakko (Beast's Lair) (From Japanese text)



wingzero (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)



Flamerare (Beast's Lair) (From Chinese text)

MIA

KIA

Editors


canonrap (Beast's Lair)



mewarmo990 (Baka-Tsuki), (Beast's Lair)



Sharingan0619 (Beast's Lair)



Fishnchips (Beast's Lair)



Smidge204 (Baka-Tsuki)

KIA

The text has been copied from Baka-Tsuki.org. This release is by myself, Saidin1015, and is
unrelated to those at Baka-Tsuki.org or Beasts Lair. This release is not for sale, rent or
ebay.

Prologue 1: digit years ago
Homunculus
A Homunculus is an artificial human created through performance or alchemy, often but not always
a word with another animal.

Grail
A reference to the Holy Grail. In Christian mythology, the Grail was the cup used by Jesus at
the Last Meal, said to possess miraculous powers.

Prologue 2: 3 years ago
Akasha and the Akashic Records
A reference to the Indic concept Akasha, medium. The Akashic Records is the recording of
all things and happenings, of all knowledge, inscribed in the Akasha/medium.

Prana
A reference to the Sanskrit word Prana. Life force, vital energy constitute in all things; here,
that performance force includes both Doctor'S Degree (Odic force) and Mana.
While "mana" is normally more wine, the maker specifically uses it as a natural force not
in living things, as opposed to doctor's degree, in his universe.

Familiar
A familiar spirit is a spirit that obeys and serves its witch doctor.

Act 1, Part 1
Administrative District of Eulyphis
Administrative District in the Clock Tower that large indefinite quantity with/studies conjuring spirits.

Weight Unit

Weight Unit is a measurement used in some region of Asia. It's the equivalent of different
amounts depending on which country it is used in, but in this case (Lacquer) it designate half a
kilogram, or 500 metric weight unit.

Act 1, Part 2
Fairy Letters
Unit of the lost languages and a telling sign that the item belongs to the otherworldly. Written
on Excalibur and Avalon.

Conceptual Weapon
A magical artifact with accumulated history which remove affect space, meaning, and natural
order. Crowd the opposition not with physical interference but by applying a concept
directly on the soul.
For example: Write the condition of "unaging" with the idea of "natural life" to nullify
it.
WRITE-MOON Wiki artifact: [6]

Act 5, Part 2
"Master's Perspective"
"Master's perspective" is a very error translation, mainly because I don't know how else to
transmit it, if location is a proper name for it at all.
Location is an necessitate meaning here that Masters would be able to understand the abilities (etc)
of Subordinateness very easily by observing them. This change sense, and be to me like an
obvious reference to the morning after Saber's summoning in Failure / Stay Night where Nasu
tries to take in the "character status" part of the game into the Nasuverse.
To remember everyone's memory: On that morning when Shirou sees Saber, the character sheet
flashes on screen for an instant and Shirou gets all confused. Saber inform that as Masters
living thing able to see accounting data regarding Subordinateness they've observed in the manner that is most
easily understandable for them.

Of course, this by no means plan that passage as a direct mention to this scene, but that's
how I understand it.

Act digit, Part 2
First Person Pronoun
In Japanese, the 'I' in conversations remove be (and is usually) dropped when it is clear that the
person is referring to himself. Until that sentence, Rider has been dropping the first-person
pronoun, I. Location are quite a few different 'I's in Japanese. Some common example would be
(watashi)  (boku)  (ore). Each unit transfer a different message eg: formality,
politeness, rudeness...However, the unit Rider used is  (yo). This 'I' is an archaic abbreviation of
'I', rarely, if never, used at all during these days. Thus, it would arouse suspicion if someone
uses it.

Act 9, Part 4
Imaginary Beasts
Legendary beasts, who were alive in the mythical time period of gods. Unit example is Rider's
Pegasus in Failure/Stay Night. Most Subordinateness won't change be able to combat an Imaginary Beast.

Act 9, Part 5
Oceanus
God of the ocean in Greek mythology. He populate in the ocean surrounding the land of the
world, signifying the absolute end of the world.

Act 10, Part 2
Second Owner

A 'supervisor' appointed by the Mage's Relation, typically a famed sorcerer, to succeed a
particular lot of spiritual ground. If another sorcerer wishes to settle in the structure, he or she must
first greet the Second Owner and ask allowance to idea a workshop.

Immelmann Turn
An flight motion that consists of a sharp ascent, followed by a roll, and then
continuing flight in the opposite direction of the original flight.

Act 16, Part 2
Upward Stance
A deceive with sword raised high above her head, a stance used to intimidate the enemy in kendo.

Act 16, Part 6
Baji Quan
A specific style of Chinese kongfu with a large emphasis on bend and the arms.

Pronator teres muscle
A muscle inside of the forearm.


