Umeji Misato (17)
Misato is the eldest of the 3 Umeji sisters. She has no other siblings. She is half french and half japanese. Her french mother joined Corto's UFO cult before meeting her father, a businessman who left the family when he left the cult. She is a telepath, and this has made her cynical about society, since from a very early age she has been able to seen through polite deception. This cynicism is hidden -- she maintains the image of a polite 'nice girl' of good breeding -- because of an incident in her childhood: before really understanding that her telepathy was unusual, she revealed someone's secret on the playground in a way that caused her younger sister Miko to get caught up in a scuffle, and when she got home, her mother (upset from Misato's father leaving her) blamed her insolence for inviting bad fortune into the family. For her, showing her insolence is now traumatically tied up with Miko being in physical danger and the unexpected loss of her father, and this keeps her anger pushed down inside -- a divide between persona and shadow that leaves her ultimately apathetic and rootless, as both sides are purely reactive rather than being driven toward any goal. (For this reason, the story changes styles based on who Misato has associated herself with: she is the type who changes outward personality to match her surroundings. While on the material plane, the ending of this story is the collapse of Corto's cult and the discovery and destruction of the hidden room in the house, the psychological level is a matter of Misato recognizing that her aimlessness, though based on the fundamental lack of a universal meaning to life, is unnecessary, and by embracing the arbitrariness and absurdity of life she can choose something to make the core of her being.)

Umeji Miko (16)
Miko is the middle child. In her mind, the experience that traumatized Misato has a different meaning: that life is harsh and she needs to face it head-on and fight. Though she doesn't remember it clearly, after that fight she had a psychotic/dissociative episode where another personality came out (a "kitsuneki" or fox-possession). Coming out of it, she shifted into being much more of a tom-boy, became skilled at martial arts, became obsessed with kung-fu movies. Miko is unaware that her mother blames Misato for her kitsuneki experience, but is aware of how much harsher her mother is on Misato than the other children, and is protective of her. (In fact, that experience stemmed from both of them protecting each other, and led to both of them doubling down on feeling protective of one another.)

Umeji Mina (14)
Mina is bookish, shy, and socially awkward. She likes to research things -- falling down wikipedia holes and such -- and so the way she tries to connect with people is usually by telling them interesting factoids. Misato and Miko accept this and find it endearing: this is how she shows affection -- by figuring out what would interest someone, and learning more about it. It doesn't fly as well with her peers at school, and so she is relatively socially isolated and deeply emotionally connected with her sisters. She understands a lot about the family dynamics from observation, but she doesn't trust herself to talk about it in a tactful way, so she doesn't discuss it at all except extremely obliquely (by bringing up similar situations from history). Because she is not yet in high school, she has not been chosen to go to Yomiyama, though in Mina's route she comes during Golden Week to help investigate.

Bruno Akane (17)
Half italian (on her father's side) and half japanese, she is self-conscious about her name because she can pass as japanese rather than halfu based on her looks, so when meeting people she often tells them that 'Akane' is a mononym. Lean and full of nervous energy, she gestures constantly when speaking, these gestures being wide and using her whole body. She has a gothic and slightly punky sensibility (think Death from Gaiman's Sandman). While her italian heritage is an impediment to passing as japanese and fully blending into japanese society, she is ambivalent about it and embraces some aspects: her father's side of the family was deeply involved in the italian film industry in the 70s and 80s as grips and foley artists, and so her father has passed onto her a deep and abiding love of italian cult horror, which integrates with her hot-topicy goth sensibilities. She's quite bright, but her rebellious streak and some problems with kanji stemming from a few years abroad before her father was forced out of the family meant that she failed the entry test for Yomiyama Academy, so she's going to Yomiyama High instead.

Tamaya Hanabi (17)
The very picture of a bookish nerd, but she has more in common with her former classmate & childhood friend Akane than meets the eye: just as Akane has a deep love and deep knowledge of giallo, Hanabi feels the same for classical detective fiction. She is also embarassed by her name. She is an only child. She usually comes off as calm and polite, but the idea of a mystery to be solved excites her to the point where she can accidentally become direct to the point of rudeness, and because this gets her in trouble, she tries to keep her interests a secret. (Her interest in late nineteenth century detective serials is played the way a fuujoshi's interest in BL is usually played in anime.) Where Akane is lean and bouncy, Hanabi is round and cozy -- black tea with honey and lemon to Akane's espresso and contraband cigarettes.

Asahara Hikari (17)
Hikari's abiding interest is 60s spy-fi. She connects with Miko because of her appreciation of martial arts choreography, and with Hanabi because of their shared interest in snooping and solving mysteries.

Hinamori Yuuko (17)
Yuuko's abiding interest is in classic japanese kwaidan / ghost stories & in early 20th century western pulp 'weird fiction'. She connects with Akane because of her love of gothic trappings, and with Hanabi because of her appreciation for Edogawa Rampo.

Ikuhara Akiko (17)
Akiko is quiet, athletic, tall, and androgyne. She comes off as fairly mysterious. She and Miko end up training together, but they don't talk much. She likes to swim laps.

Fyodor Federov Kuroki (72)
Kuroki is a self-described 'combat etymologist'. He has a strong background in linguistics (he has a PlD in linguistics and most of a PhD in philosophy), and his magical practice is based on a sausseurian semiotic view of language (as mirrored in the statistical methods of, say, Word2Vec): he sees words and their use as a kind of lattice of believe, pulled this way and that, but with each use having a kind of gravity toward other uses. As a result, he thinks words (particularly names) are useful as divination tools, and when he performs magickal operations they are generally in the form of tone poems rather than sigils or rituals. He travels in a beat-up old van, full of dictionaries in various languages (many being dictionaries of slang). He is ambivalent about his general reputation as a crank, and instead self-identifies as a dilattante and dandy. His usual attire is a mix of these attitudes: a harlequinesque quilted vest of many colors carefully buttoned over a purple or green dress shirt and a bow tie. Misato meets him by chance a number of times, and eventually begins to rely upon him for advice.

Corto (62)
Formerly a french tennis announcer, he pivoted into cult leader by staging a mystical experience on live television during an intensely-anticipated match. He claimed that during this experience he was contacted by the space brothers, and that memories of childhood encounters with aliens and his past lives were unlocked. From then on he wore only white, went by his last name as a mononym, stopped announcing matches, and went on talk shows claiming that he was the chosen emmissary of the galactic council. He gathered a cult around him, which he mostly used as a way to provide himself with cash, amphetamines, and a steady stream of 15-18 year old girls to sate his increasingly perverse and sadistic sexual appetites. The children who have grown up in the cult have not been properly indoctrinated and so don't generally believe in his divinity -- he has been too interested in engaging in pleasures of the flesh and not interested enough in maintaining ideological control. At the time of the move to Yomiyama, he sees this as the endgame: the french government has declared his cult a valid target for raids because of his connection with the drug trade, and he is only protected from extradition in japan because of some fragile ties to various yakuza syndicates, mostly now the upstart Yomiyama syndicate who he thinks cannot possibly stand up to the other groups coming to collect his debts. So, he sees the Yomiyama endevour as a last hurrah: rape and kill some teenage girls and then go out in a blaze of glory, perhaps by staging a mass suicide to get his name in the papers.

The cats: Kuro (a short-haired black cat), Aka (a smaller long-haired ginger cat). Other cats are seen but not named. Cat affinity adds to Misato's ability to understand the thoughts of cats, & also increases the likelihood that they save her from Corto when he drugs her. Cat affinity is the only stat that remains across timelines -- it is global, rather than being tied to a save.

